in march 1992 , linux version 0.95 was the first to be capable of running x . this large version number jump was due to a feeling that a version 1.0 with no major missing pieces was imminent .	pieces	parts	components	members	chunks	sections	numbers	fragments	entities	chips	cells
much of the water carried by these streams is diverted .	diverted	treated	routed	used	restricted	filtered	distributed	regulated	discharged	segregated	reclaimed
harry also becomes the worthy possessor of the remaining deathly hallows : the invisibility cloak and the resurrection stone , hence becoming the true master of death .	possessor	owner	host	heir	proprietor	user	recipient	receiver	bearer	carrier	holder
escapologists escape from handcuffs , straitjackets , cages , coffins , steel boxes , barrels , bags , burning buildings , fish-tanks and other perils , often in combination .	perils	dangers	places	situations	parts	disasters	industries	emergencies	warnings	traps	traps
the storm continued , crossing the outer banks of north carolina , and retained its strength until june 20 when it became extratropical near newfoundland .	retained	maintained	held	kept	preserved	lost	remained	maintaining	conserved	holding	maintains
the convent has been the official residence of the governor of gibraltar since 1728 .	residence	home	house	palace	dwelling	housing	lodging	mansion	household	seat	possession
food is procured with its suckers and then crushed using its tough `` beak '' of chitin .	procured	obtained	bought	acquired	secured	treated	supplied	found	selected	packaged	organised
the united states convened a 13-nation conference of the international opium commission in 1909 in shanghai , china in response to increasing criticism of the opium trade .	convened	held	hosted	summoned	assembled	presided	formed	organised	chaired	instituted	reorganized
photosynthesis is vital for life on earth .	vital	essential	important	crucial	basic	critical	beneficial	main	relevant	lethal	harmful
dodd simply retained his athletic director position , which he had acquired in 1950 .	acquired	gained	obtained	purchased	earned	inherited	attained	owned	retained	secured	accumulated
radiometric dating is a technique used to date materials , usually based on a comparison between the observed abundance of a naturally occurring radioactive isotope and its decay products , using known decay rates .	abundance	amount	quantity	presence	population	existence	concentration	prevalence	occurrence	absorption	mixture
bacterial contaminants are ubiquitous , and foods left unused too long will often acquire substantial amounts of bacterial colonies and become dangerous to eat , leading to food poisoning .	substantial	large	significant	sizable	considerable	massive	vast	certain	extensive	sufficient	noticeable
tibooburra has an arid , desert climate with temperatures soaring above 40 celsius in summer , often reaching as high as 47 c .	arid	ancient	agricultural	old	impoverished	extreme	isolated	alternative	abrupt	open	unpleasant
hanna meandered around the southeastern bahamas , weakening to a tropical storm while also dumping heavy rain on already-devastated haiti .	meandered	wandered	moved	went	drifted	travelled	traveled	bounced	curved	twisted	wound
with the high gulf pressures - a ship reported a pressure of 1015.5 millibars less than 60 m from the storm center at the time it was upgraded to a tropical storm - alicia was unable to gain size , staying very small , but generated faster winds , and became a category 1 hurricane on august 16	generated	produced	created	caused	producing	had	obtained	emitted	gave	formed	spawned
das rheingold is the first of the four operas that comprise der ring des nibelungen , by richard wagner .	comprise	constitute	form	contain	are	become	constitutes	make	occupy	encompass	aggregate
a frenulum is a small fold of tissue that secures or restricts the motion of a mobile organ in the body .	secures	holds	binds	helps	contains	ensures	maintains	guarantees	captures	signals	bundles
helen hunt has been recognized extensively in her career . in 1998 she become the second actress to win a golden globe award , an academy award and an emmy award in the same year .	career	life	work	history	profession	business	name	period	performance	success	production
when wotan refuses to abandon his `` free hero '' , fricka lays bare his self-deception : siegmund is in no sense independent since his fate has been pre-ordained by wotan , who has even indirectly led him to find the magic sword .	refuses	chooses	decides	fails	threatens	wants	begins	continues	insists	prefers	declines
the storm never approached land during its lifespan , and no damage or casualties were reported .	casualties	deaths	fatalities	losses	injuries	symptoms	ratings	civilians	disturbances	defences	collapses
the purpose of public speaking can range from simply transmitting information , to motivating people to act , to simply telling a story .	transmitting	sending	broadcasting	communicating	delivering	distributing	presenting	supplying	conducting	exchanging	possessing
published by tor books , it was released on august 15 , 1994 in hardcover , and in paperback on july 15 , 1997 .	released	published	issued	opened	found	discovered	distributed	sold	reissued	available	raised
in many circumstances , these investments can be less expensive than fossil fuel energy systems .	circumstances	situations	cases	conditions	occasions	contexts	situation	environments	respects	settings	combinations
following the death of schidlof from a heart attack in 1987 , the amadeus quartet disbanded .	disbanded	formed	reformed	ceased	resigned	collapsed	reappeared	halted	departed	deserted	contracted
by 1960 he had developed the short story into a screenplay , and envisaged it as containing a suitable role for monroe .	envisaged	regarded	considered	developed	saw	treated	recognised	identified	devised	organised	adapted
with poor sales of the a340-200 , airbus decided to use the fuselage of the a340-200 with the wings and engines of the a330-300 .	fuselage	body	chassis	layout	structure	hull	cockpit	spire	shape	torso	capsule
the last event was held on june 11 , 2000 , not to be held again due to the acquisition of wcw by world wrestling federation .	acquisition	purchase	absorption	sale	ownership	annexation	owner	unification	amalgamation	activation	interception
kowal suggested the name and the iau endorsed it in 1975 .	endorsed	approved	accepted	adopted	sanctioned	recommended	affiliated	upheld	accredited	awarded	authorised
dry air wrapping around the southern periphery of the cyclone eroded most of the deep convection by early on september 12 .	periphery	edge	outskirts	fringe	margin	flank	sector	rim	curvature	apex	crust
brief additional internal links are generally tolerated when used to facilitate communication or to provide general information , but undesirable if seen as canvassing for some purpose .	tolerated	useful	beneficial	desirable	acceptable	recommended	helpful	desired	good	favorable	favourable
alfonso drops the marriage contract in front of the officers , and , when they read it , they become enraged .	enraged	angry	furious	angered	alarmed	agitated	upset	mad	outraged	horrified	aggravated
the overland expedition , also called the overland relief expedition or point barrow-overland relief expedition , was an expedition in the winter of 1897-1898 by officers of the united states revenue cutter service to save the lives of 265 whalers trapped in the arctic ocean by ice around their ships near point barrow , alaska .	expedition	mission	operation	project	event	excursion	effort	trip	enterprise	edition	undertaking
located on the river pedieos and situated almost in the center of the island , it is the seat of government as well as the main business center .	situated	located	being	positioned	found	nowadays	constructed	actually	established	lodged	hence
iero thought that it would be difficult to promote the album himself , if released through his own label , with his current obligations to my chemical romance and the other bands signed to his label .	obligations	commitments	responsibilities	duties	debts	contributions	assignments	requirements	orders	appointments	binds
it has now been determined that europa is a prograde rotator , but the exact direction in which its pole points remains ambiguous .	ambiguous	uncertain	unclear	vague	unknown	obscure	unspecified	confusing	inconsistent	anonymous	binary
the bishops ceded the oversticht to the emperor charles v in 1528 , who styled himself `` lord of overijssel '' , thereby giving the province its modern name .	ceded	surrendered	relinquished	sold	transferred	lost	bequeathed	donated	gave	pledged	leased
many parts of odessa were damaged during its siege and recapture on 10 april 1944 , when the city was finally liberated by the red army .	siege	garrison	conquest	blockade	surrender	capture	battle	besieged	treatment	fortification	stab
the city was first founded by the british in 1827 , who leased the island from spain during the colonial period .	leased	bought	rented	took	secured	obtained	borrowed	ceded	licensed	contracted	rent
in reference to the landscape , bush describes a wooded area , intermediate between a shrubland and a forest , generally of dry and nitrogen-poor soil , mostly grassless , thin to thick woody shrubs and bushes , under a sparse canapy of eucalypts .	sparse	dense	scattered	thin	thick	faint	small	loose	scarce	minimal	weak
the theory of incentive compatibility that hurwicz developed changed the way many economists thought about outcomes , explaining why centrally planned economies may fail and how incentives for individuals make a difference in decision making .	incentives	rewards	subsidies	profits	opportunities	outcomes	unions	institutions	punishments	outlets	treats
the axe , or ax , is an implement that has been used for millennia to shape , split and cut wood , harvest timber , as a weapon and a ceremonial or heraldic symbol . the axe has many forms and specialized uses but generally consists of an axe head with a handle , or helve .	implement	instrument	object	expression	axe	equipment	item	apparatus	article	obstacle	armament
but critics note that francis galton did not advocate coercion when he defined the principles of eugenics .	advocate	support	promote	favor	oppose	practice	encourage	propose	apply	recommend	assume
after its sale in 1998 , it merged into festival mushroom records .	merged	changed	formed	grew	developed	evolved	combined	integrated	amalgamated	linked	mixed
cobra and tango and cash did solid business domestically but overseas they did blockbuster business grossing over $ 100 million in foreign markets and over $ 160 million worldwide .	grossing	earning	scoring	averaging	securing	with	netting	totaling	numbering	financing	harvesting
triangles can also be classified according to their internal angles , measured here in degrees .	classified	described	grouped	categorized	sorted	subdivided	divided	ordered	graded	segregated	differentiated
later describing the experience as a `` nightmare , '' she was able to phone joe dimaggio from the clinic , who immediately traveled from florida to new york to facilitate her transfer to the columbia presbyterian medical center , where she remained for three weeks .	facilitate	coordinate	accommodate	ensure	secure	supervise	permit	initiate	organize	administer	prompt
the pennines constitute the main watershed in northern england , dividing the eastern and western parts of the country .	constitute	form	are	represent	occupy	comprise	provide	compose	become	serve	encompass
they locate food by smell , using sensors in the tip of their snout , and regularly feast on ants and termites .	snout	nose	beak	noses	forehead	tails	head	nostrils	heads	skull	lance
at present it is formed by the aa , which descends from the rigi and enters the southern extremity of the lake .	extremity	part	end	area	region	portion	side	tip	half	section	sector
specialized english operates in the civil society sector , and the developers aspire to make programs for a variety of public service purposes , subject to resources being available .	aspire	want	aim	strive	wish	endeavor	seek	endeavour	undertake	claim	hope
in this case , a relatively large kernel with sophisticated capabilities is adapted to suit an embedded environment .	sophisticated	complex	modern	integrated	refined	diverse	diversified	distinctive	specialised	complicated	corrupted
this period spanned the years from 1278 through 1288 .	spanned	covered	included	encompassed	stretched	contained	was	encompasses	comprised	lasted	split
realising that the gang could not elude the police forever , moondyne joe formulated a plan to escape the colony by traveling overland to the colony of south australia .	elude	escape	avoid	evade	beat	dodge	satisfy	resist	cheat	delay	bypass
southeastern oklahoma , also known by its official tourism designation , kiamichi country , encompasses the southeastern quarter of the state of oklahoma .	encompasses	comprises	contains	includes	covers	is	occupies	constitutes	spans	incorporates	addresses
the a-train family comprises trains for both commuter services and limited express services .	comprises	includes	contains	consists	encompasses	features	incorporates	constitutes	is	covers	denotes
in dna , adenine binds to thymine via two hydrogen bonds to assist in stabilizing the nucleic acid structures .	binds	connects	links	belongs	sticks	refers	joins	corresponds	coordinates	maps	transfers
in 2001 , unesco inscribed the 2,750-year-old city on the world heritage list as samarkand - crossroads of cultures .	inscribed	listed	included	designated	put	placed	proclaimed	entered	registered	incorporated	engraved
radames affirms that aida is the person he will marry , and aida convinces him to flee to the desert with her .	affirms	states	says	confirms	believes	knows	insists	agrees	declares	asserts	acknowledges
like many bolshevik artists , eisenstein envisioned a new society which would subsidize artists totally , freeing them from the confines of bosses and budgets , leaving them absolutely free to create , but budgets and producers were as significant to the soviet film industry as the rest of the world .	envisioned	described	dreamed	imagined	depicted	anticipated	proclaimed	contemplated	inaugurated	inhabited	exemplified
forming in the western caribbean sea during the first week of november , hurricane gordon became the twelfth tropical depression , the seventh named tropical storm , and the third hurricane of the 1994 atlantic hurricane season . an erratic , long-lived system which remained a tropical storm for most of its existence , it followed a winding path through the western caribbean and into florida before strengthening into a category 1 hurricane and threatening north carolina .	erratic	irregular	unusual	uncertain	uneasy	eccentric	intermittent	informal	organised	elongated	inconsistent
the latter means basic or radical change ; whereas reform may be no more than fine tuning , or at most redressing serious wrongs without altering the fundamentals of the system .	altering	changing	affecting	modifying	destroying	improving	disturbing	manipulating	injuring	hurting	upgrading
the kyoto protocol was adopted at the third session of the conference of parties to the unfccc in 1997 in kyoto , japan .	adopted	agreed	developed	accepted	approved	passed	established	published	ratified	chosen	drafted
from 1885 to 1901 , locomotives stopped at young tank to replenish their water .	replenish	conserve	use	store	get	collect	drink	take	supplement	discharge	receive
stone floor tiles tend to be heavier than ceramic tiles and somewhat more prone to breakage during shipment .	prone	susceptible	likely	vulnerable	known	resistant	common	liable	frequent	favorable	hazardous
to enjoy qin songs , one must learn to become accustomed to the eccentric style some players may sing their songs to , like in the case of zha fuxi .	eccentric	unusual	unconventional	informal	chaotic	bizarre	extraordinary	irregular	satirical	orderly	erratic
a voluntary association or union is a group of individuals who voluntarily enter into an agreement to form a body to accomplish a purpose .	accomplish	achieve	fulfill	serve	satisfy	pursue	perform	reach	attain	implement	complete
it is the teaching that , as a consequence of the fall of man , every person born into the world is enslaved to the service of sin and , apart from the efficacious or prevenient grace of god , is utterly unable to choose to follow god or choose to accept salvation as it is freely offered .	efficacious	universal	original	apparent	essential	loving	immaculate	abundant	complete	ultimate	absolute
he was kidnapped and held by the notorious pirate peter easton in harbour grace .	notorious	famous	infamous	famed	treacherous	reputed	mad	renowned	ruthless	known	outlawed
as a result of this acquisition and the legal dispute with hearst corporation , mandrakesoft announced that the new company name would be mandriva , and that mandriva linux would be the new name covering products .	dispute	conflict	quarrel	fight	argument	settlement	controversy	confusion	contest	complaint	feud
despite almost daily reports of missing property , he was able to evade capture until 15 february , when a man named wimbow , who had been pursuing him with a partner for days , found him in an area of thick brush called liberty plains and shot him .	evade	escape	avoid	resist	dodge	delay	escaped	survive	deny	pursue	ignore
he was born at plessiel , a hamlet of drucat near abbeville , to a long-established family of picardy , the great-nephew of the painter eustache le sueur .	hamlet	village	part	town	settlement	locality	port	portion	parish	community	variant
the man in the high castle occurs in an alternate universe united states ruled by the victorious axis powers .	alternate	parallel	other	original	old	associated	inner	inter	interrupted	axis	overall
their quick acceleration makes them suitable for services with short intervals between stations .	suitable	useful	appropriate	good	necessary	unsuitable	convenient	favourable	perfect	favorable	beneficial
aung san suu kyi returned to burma in 1988 to take care of her ailing mother .	ailing	sick	dying	elderly	aged	aging	poor	old	ill	struggling	wounded
progress in developing the tar was hindered by political and economic obstacles throughout the 1960s , 1970s and early 1980s .	obstacles	restrictions	problems	barriers	opposition	challenges	hurdles	resistance	hardship	hazards	objectives
in 1832 his family emigrated thence to belleville , ontario , where he apprenticed with the printer at the town newspaper , the belleville intelligencer .	emigrated	migrated	relocated	moved	immigrated	escaped	travelled	proceeded	embarked	departed	evacuated
ohio state also announced in 2006 , that it would be designating at least $ 110 million of its research efforts to what it termed `` fundamental concerns '' such as research towards a cure for cancer , renewable energy sources and sustainable drinking water supplies .	fundamental	basic	essential	major	deep	substantive	profound	vital	deeper	intrinsic	primal
long ago , there was a decision by the late former prime minister , rafik hariri , to restore the synagogue and surround it with a garden .	restore	rebuild	repair	improve	revive	recover	strengthen	reform	ruin	upgrade	remake
port arthur was also the destination for juvenile convicts , receiving many boys , some as young as nine arrested for stealing toys .	juvenile	youth	young	child	male	teenage	youthful	adolescent	younger	junior	federal
notrium is played from a top-down perspective , giving an overhead view of proceedings .	perspective	viewpoint	view	position	vantage	angle	projection	profile	prominence	vista	chronology
the international re-formed in 1923 , and was reconstituted again , in its present form , after world war ii .	reconstituted	reorganized	created	established	found	formed	reformed	constituted	founded	incorporated	reborn
the amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .	tributaries	branches	basins	derivatives	reservoirs	forks	headwaters	streams	subsidiaries	outlets	drains
the sunnah is seen as crucial to guiding interpretation of the qur ` an .	crucial	important	key	essential	critical	necessary	vital	pivotal	relevant	helpful	decisive
the avesta is the primary collection of sacred texts of zoroastrianism , composed in the avestan language .	composed	written	created	published	recorded	found	constructed	contained	formed	formulated	chiefly
typically , the biggest difference between film and stage musicals is the use of lavish background scenery which would be impractical in a theater .	lavish	magnificent	large	musical	elaborate	extravagant	rich	ornate	costly	banquet	memorable
following the hassles ' demise in 1969 , he formed the duo attila with hassles drummer jon small .	demise	dissolution	downfall	death	collapse	formation	breakup	end	reformation	dissolve	liquidation
there they signed a collective protest , and vowed their newspapers would continue to run .	vowed	promised	said	pledged	proclaimed	swore	wished	stipulated	admitted	decreed	confessed
the first amniotes , such as casineria , resembled small lizards and evolved from amphibian reptiliomorphs about 340 million years ago .	resembled	were	became	appeared	represented	formed	reflected	featured	mirrored	included	shaped
in 1999 , a world tamil confederation was established to protect and foster tamil culture and further a sense of togetherness amongst tamils in different countries .	foster	promote	develop	stimulate	create	safeguard	protect	revive	flourish	patron	harness
for much of the twentieth century it was used by the queensland government as a settlement for aboriginals considered guilty of such infractions as being `` disruptive '' , being pregnant to a white man or being born with `` mixed blood '' .	infractions	offences	crimes	violations	offenses	things	crime	acts	problems	matters	punishments
historically , in the warm mediterranean and middle eastern climates , the courtyard served to accommodate the large number of worshippers during friday prayers .	accommodate	serve	support	facilitate	contain	host	satisfy	conceal	harbor	harbour	address
john mccain polled 62.5 % in the 2008 presidential election while 70.9 % of utahns opted for george w. bush in 2004 .	opted	chose	wished	voted	settled	elected	picked	intervened	accounted	stuck	enrolled
throughout most of the film , his only true friend , aside from his mother , is the mouse , timothy - a relationship parodying the stereotypical animosity between mice and elephants .	animosity	relationship	rivalry	relations	hostility	opposition	resentment	hatred	confusion	hierarchy	hierarchy
the band is known for its large line-up , which consists of nine members ; including a vocalist , two guitarists , a bassist , two percussionists in addition to a primary drummer , a sampler , and a turntablist .	vocalist	singer	bassist	drummer	chorus	frontman	keyboardist	soprano	narrator	protagonist	human
digital signatures are equivalent to traditional handwritten signatures in many respects ; properly implemented digital signatures are more difficult to forge than the handwritten type .	forge	copy	manipulate	achieve	fake	verify	recognise	break	replicate	cipher	duplicate
his linguistic capacity , thoughts and speeches correspond to those of modern man , including a vast knowledge about history , politics , philosophy and literature .	vast	deep	wide	large	widespread	great	broad	thorough	complete	comprehensive	profound
recent archaeological evidence may indicate an edomite nation as long ago as the 11th century bc , but the topic is controversial and others argue that the 8th or 9th century dates are correct .	evidence	support	record	experience	material	indication	show	witness	activity	development	event
triton was revealed to have remarkable active geysers and polar caps .	remarkable	extraordinary	both	many	great	amazing	notable	noteworthy	surprising	good	different
polar bear fur consists of a layer of dense underfur and an outer layer of guard hairs , which appear white to tan but are actually transparent .	transparent	clear	white	opaque	milky	visible	yellow	glass	yellowish	dispersed	immaculate
the most common reason for erecting a khachkar was for votive reasons - for the salvation of the soul of either a living or a deceased person .	deceased	dead	died	buried	death	dying	departed	murdered	lost	drowned	defunct
scene 2 : the doctor rushes by the captain in the street , who urges him to slow down .	urges	encourages	tells	orders	wants	warns	advises	forces	invites	commands	leads
warner also set a super bowl record by attempting 45 passes without a single interception .	attempting	trying	rushing	completing	failing	covering	achieving	managing	obtaining	struggling	undertaking
a carotenoid dye , crocin , allows saffron to impart a rich golden-yellow hue to dishes and textiles . saffron has further medicinal applications .	golden-yellow	yellow	reddish	green	red	yellowish	scarlet	blue	metallic	silver	human
the revival of lute in the 20th century revitalized the interest of composers in the instruments of the lute family .	revival	restoration	development	resurgence	rebirth	promotion	cultivation	reunion	reform	resort	reissue
urepel is a commune in the pyrnes - atlantiques department in south-western france .	south-western	western	west	northwestern	central	eastern	northern	northwest	new	modern	atlantic
ge_lson de carvalho soares or simply ge_lson , is a striker .	striker	substitute	runner	footballer	chef	batter	sprinter	forward	stab	goalscorer	goalscorer
lancelot de carles called her `` beautiful with an elegant figure '' , and a venetian in paris in 1528 also reported that she was said to be beautiful .	reported	recorded	described	noted	found	said	stated	confirmed	wrote	remarked	related
in 2005 , benson collaborated with artist jamie mckelvie on a short story within the image comics collection four letter worlds .	collaborated	worked	teamed	partnered	appeared	participated	consulted	corresponded	merged	paired	cooperate
beaurieux is a commune in the department of aisne in picardy in northern france .	department	district	region	county	division	valley	province	arrondissement	direction	canton	commune
he is notable as a performer of australian traditional folk songs in an authentic style .	performer	singer	producer	vocalist	presenter	player	practitioner	guitarist	soloist	specialist	competitor
fired by enthusiasm , tolstoy returned to yasnaya polyana and founded thirteen schools for his serfs ' children , based on ground-breaking libertarian principles tolstoy described in his 1862 essay `` the school at yasnaya polyana '' .	enthusiasm	excitement	expression	admiration	imagination	encouragement	attention	optimism	activity	brightly	maize
companies may also take out strike insurance prior to an anticipated strike , to help offset the losses which the strike would cause .	companies	they	corporations	firms	members	people	businesses	organizations	it	states	he
in 2006 , nippon ichi released a sequel called for the playstation 2 , as well as a 12 episode long anime titled makai senki disgaea .	titled	called	named	entitled	.	,	name	labeled	directed	renamed	headed
the false gharial , also known as the malayan gharial , false gavial , or tomistoma is a fresh-water reptile resembling a crocodile with a very thin and elongated snout , which is thicker than the gharial .	elongated	long	oval	elliptical	abbreviated	shaped	longer	extended	developed	lengthy	aligned
he held several senior positions in the royal flying corps during world war i , serving as the commander of royal flying corps in france from 1915 to 1917 .	senior	prominent	major	command	leadership	important	high	prestigious	general	higher	civilian
fernando navarro i corbacho is a spanish footballer who currently plays for sevilla fc , as a left defender .	defender	midfielder	player	guard	winger	back	cornerback	footballer	hitter	deputy	competitor
throughout recorded history , several cosmologies and cosmogonies have been proposed to account for observations of the universe .	observations	studies	events	measurements	findings	discoveries	appearances	aspects	investigations	recordings	astronomers
saint-montan is a commune in the ardche department in south-eastern france .	department	district	valley	division	county	commune	municipality	area	arrondissement	region	sector
the term is also at times used as a derogatory term for films or sequels of films that are of inferior quality , or are not expected to find financial success .	derogatory	negative	general	racial	controversial	slang	generic	neutral	humorous	common	satirical
the hush sound is currently on hiatus .	hiatus	pause	delay	hold	vacation	holiday	exile	line	retreat	suspension	recess
mainstream music denotes music that is familiar and unthreatening to the masses , as for example popular music , pop music , middle of the road music , pop rap or soft rock ; mainstream jazz is generally seen as an evolution of be-bop , which was originally regarded as radical .	denotes	is	represents	describes	contains	means	includes	implies	addresses	produces	resembles
edwards attended west buckland school where his potential for the triple jump was spotted at an early age .	potential	talent	capacity	variety	preparation	prospective	ability	tone	promise	prospects	caliber
inheriting a collapsing empire and faced with constant warfare during his reign against both the seljuk turks in asia minor and the normans in the western balkans , alexios was able to halt the byzantine decline and begin the military , financial , and territorial recovery known as the `` komnenian restoration '' .	reign	rule	time	tenure	life	period	kingdom	term	throne	service	career
in the census of 2005 , the population of the banja luka region was at 709,000 residents , predominantly serb .	residents	people	inhabitants	members	population	individuals	persons	settlers	municipalities	civilians	speakers
monte plata is a province of the dominican republic , and also the name of its capital city . it was split from san crist_bal in 1992 .	province	district	department	region	municipality	county	division	governorate	canton	colony	subdivision
it is sent as an http header by a web server to a web browser and then sent back unchanged by the browser each time it accesses that server .	accesses	uses	visits	addresses	reaches	references	searches	enters	exploits	opens	encounters
in contrast , the 2007 microp_dia has roughly 65,000 articles , the vast majority of which contain fewer than 750 words , no references , and no named contributors .	fewer	less	more	smaller	greater	lesser	lower	other	weaker	richer	narrower
by 1961 , gordy had appointed robinson vice-president of motown records , a title robinson held for as long as gordy remained with the company .	remained	stayed	was	became	persisted	left	retained	continued	went	lasted	resided
from 1908 to 1911 he was the principal conductor of the vienna hofoper succeeding gustav mahler ; he retained the conductorship of the vienna philharmonic until 1927 .	retained	held	maintained	remained	kept	obtained	continued	upheld	had	preserved	conserved
mexican cinnamon hot chocolate is traditionally served alongside a variety of mexican pastries known as pan dulce and , as in spain , churros .	traditionally	typically	commonly	usually	often	historically	generally	normally	then	regularly	structurally
slaves were previously introduced by the british and french who colonized the island in the 18th century .	introduced	used	treated	brought	found	imported	discovered	sold	supplied	invented	injected
cholera , sometimes known as asiatic or epidemic cholera , is an infectious gastroenteritis caused by enterotoxin-producing strains of the bacterium vibrio cholerae .	strains	spores	members	species	cells	bacteria	varieties	versions	variants	mutations	sons
a hurricane struck dominica and puerto rico between july 22 and july 24 .	struck	hit	reached	touched	affected	ravaged	attacked	shook	impacted	formed	visited
in 1975 the old district steinfurt was merged with the district tecklenburg , and together with greven and saerbeck from the former district m_nster the current district was formed .	formed	created	founded	established	found	born	made	obtained	reformed	shaped	organised
it was discovered by a team of astronomers led by brett j. gladman , et al . in 2003 .	discovered	found	observed	known	studied	detected	located	published	identified	described	noticed
cyanobacteria , also known as blue-green algae , blue-green bacteria or cyanophyta , is a phylum of bacteria that obtain their energy through photosynthesis .	obtain	get	derive	provide	gain	attain	source	gather	achieve	generate	seek
she finally divorced monroe in 1947 and also split with guy .	split	broke	merged	went	divided	got	left	reunited	lived	stayed	dashed
criss is a commune in the sarthe department in the pays de la loire region in north-western france .	region	area	valley	department	,	district	province	located	division	peninsula	republic
dan pulled in ruth marie as a fifth person in his alliance , but after losing another immunity challenge , sally convinced the la mina men that she was a more valuable player .	convinced	told	believed	persuaded	showed	taught	proved	got	fooled	inspired	influenced
greater armenia is an armenian irredentist political goal aimed at uniting with armenia most of the armenian highland , the historical homeland of the armenians since antiquity up until the armenian genocide when they were massacred and forcefully expelled by the ottoman turkish government .	forcefully	later	eventually	subsequently	completely	violently	harshly	illegally	strongly	permanently	brutally
lightcurve data for europa has been particularly tricky to interpret , so much so for a long time its period of rotation was in dispute despite numerous observations .	tricky	difficult	complicated	complex	hard	intricate	straightforward	confusing	colourful	crucial	elusive
it is typically used for scraping or cutting food before the food enters the esophagus .	scraping	picking	peeling	rubbing	slicing	poking	stabbing	grinding	clearing	churning	tasting
city of faizabad is the headquarters of faizabad district and a municipal board in the state of uttar pradesh , india , situated on the banks of river ghaghra .	headquarters	capital	center	centre	secretariat	seat	chief	offices	hq	commissioner	quarters
the name kalganup is believed to be the noongar word for ` place of many waters ' .	believed	thought	known	said	understood	considered	presumed	regarded	supposed	reported	reputed
romano fogli is an italian retired footballer and former manager .	retired	former	born	played	active	deceased	reformed	professional	known	recovered	famous
it overwinters in conifer groves .	conifer	pine	tree	bamboo	plant	juniper	redwood	cedar	nut	mountain	timber
in mid-june 2006 , the slab was crumbling in frequent rockfalls , although it was still being extruded .	extruded	formed	found	eroded	drilled	used	built	treated	created	raised	erected
the billionaire of dismal downs is a scrooge mcduck comic by don rosa . it is the ninth of the original 12 chapters in the series the life and times of scrooge mcduck .	series	title	show	miniseries	set	group	original	program	name	magazine	production
hms guardian set out before the convict ships but struck ice after leaving the cape of good hope , returned to southern africa and was wrecked on the coast .	returned	went	came	reverted	travelled	back	lost	headed	proceeded	continued	reported
the concept of a `` picture element '' dates to the earliest days of television , for example as `` bildpunkt '' in the 1888 german patent of paul nipkow .	concept	idea	definition	meaning	use	name	notion	existence	term	development	usage
on 1 october 1983 the pilot project began operations as a full-fledged bank and was renamed the grameen bank to make loans to poor bangladeshis .	full-fledged	national	commercial	private	conventional	development	regular	corporate	retail	public	functioning
a lesson is a structured period of time where learning is intended to occur .	structured	specific	regulated	controlled	disciplined	regular	certain	coherent	systematic	prescribed	predictable
it has been suggested that eastern pacific ocean tropical cyclones are formed out of tropical waves that originate in north africa as well .	originate	exist	occur	arise	begin	start	end	arrive	terminate	root	source
riel sought to preserve mtis rights and culture as their homelands in the northwest came progressively under the canadian sphere of influence .	sought	seeks	seek	wanted	desired	struggled	tried	began	attempted	needed	petitioned
they are characterized by spirituality and metaphysical themes , extremely long takes , lack of conventional dramatic structure and plot , and memorable cinematography .	cinematography	photography	imagery	visuals	sequences	filmmaking	coloration	photographs	gameplay	topography	blackness
seismograms are essential for measuring earthquakes using the richter scale .	essential	important	necessary	used	needed	required	useful	crucial	basic	vital	helpful
but , from time to time the church hierarchy , and even some popes , have given opinions on various matters ; although these `` guidelines '' are not binding on catholics , many tradition-minded catholics find them persuasive .	persuasive	influential	useful	important	valid	binding	convincing	authoritative	compelling	helpful	acceptable
a haunted house is defined as a house that is believed to be a center for supernatural occurrences or paranormal phenomena .	occurrences	events	phenomena	incidents	entities	instances	properties	developments	illnesses	formations	assemblies
glaciologically , ice age implies the presence of extensive ice sheets in the northern and southern hemispheres ; by this definition we are still in the ice age that began at the start of the pleistocene .	definition	meaning	interpretation	description	name	word	criteria	quote	formulation	determination	conception
from scarborough monday to saturdays there is generally an hourly first transpennine express service to york , leeds , manchester piccadilly and liverpool lime street and a two-hourly northern rail service to bridlington , hull and sheffield via the yorkshire coast line .	generally	usually	normally	also	typically	commonly	often	broadly	primarily	roughly	uniformly
the county is divided into three areas of unorganized territory : dupree , north ziebach , and south ziebach .	divided	split	subdivided	separated	broken	segregated	classified	formed	grouped	fractured	sorted
the pittsburgh steelers are a professional american football team based in pittsburgh , pennsylvania .	based	located	headquartered	residing	found	playing	living	originating	rooted	situated	born
during the final immunity challenge , sandra fell out early , allowing jon to try to convince lil to take him to the final two .	final	last	first	second	third	main	original	current	preliminary	initial	following
avian influenza virus h3n2 is endemic in pigs in china and has been detected in pigs in vietnam , increasing fears of the emergence of new variant strains .	detected	found	discovered	diagnosed	spotted	recorded	demonstrated	sighted	investigated	noticed	evidenced
and though often viewed as a youthful expression of rebellion by the mainstream media , modern punk embodies a range of age groups who generally disagree with the perceived of countercultural principals and it is not uncommon for middle-aged people to form punk houses and resistance movements in the face of what they view as the widespread , unfair exploitation of human and animal rights .	exploitation	abuse	suppression	oppression	violation	use	infringement	repression	utilization	harvesting	robbery
grolangheim is a municipality in the district of kitzingen in bavaria in germany .	municipality	town	village	city	community	commune	hamlet	borough	settlement	seat	member
he received many awards , among them a posthumous special citation from the pulitzer prize board in 2007 for his `` masterful improvisation , supreme musicianship and iconic centrality to the history of jazz . ''	received	won	earned	got	obtained	accepted	took	gained	garnered	was	attained
when a fair weather waterspout makes landfall it quickly dissipates as it loses the inflow of warm air into the vortex .	dissipates	sinks	collapses	leaves	fades	stops	settles	develops	dies	spreads	moves
its purpose is to promote free trade and the fluid movement of goods , people , and currency .	fluid	steady	free	peaceful	orderly	regulated	progressive	liquid	gradual	flexible	timely
most of the state lies in an area known as tornado alley characterized by frequent interaction between cold and warm air masses producing severe weather .	interaction	encounter	mixing	association	combination	conflict	impact	contact	incident	mixture	occurrence
the reservoir has a volume of 4.26 mio m and a surface area of 0.25 km .	reservoir	water	lake	body	well	dam	tank	catchment	hydro	pond	canteen
after receiving the news of the important award , yunus announced that he would use part of his share of the $ 1.4 million award money to create a company to make low-cost , high-nutrition food for the poor ; while the rest would go toward setting up an eye hospital for the poor in bangladesh .	announced	declared	said	decided	stated	indicated	explained	proclaimed	revealed	ordered	informed
phillip was appointed governor of new south wales , the first european colony on the australian continent , and was the founder of the site which is now the city of sydney .	appointed	made	the	named	elected	also	installed	assigned	awarded	subsequently	ordered
toshiba was founded by the merging of two companies in 1939 .	merging	combining	amalgamation	fusion	unification	mixing	combination	forming	joining	blending	linking
after crossing florida , hurricane hunters indicated a poorly defined circulation , but with winds exceeding tropical storm strength , and the system was designated as tropical storm erika late on august 14 while located 85 miles west of fort myers .	indicated	observed	found	noted	reported	identified	located	discovered	examined	detected	recorded
eucalyptus forests in california have been criticised because they compete with native plants and do not support native animals .	criticised	attacked	questioned	condemned	mocked	investigated	characterised	examined	bombed	practised	classed
after the demise of the whl , however , the stanley cup was awarded exclusively to the nhl playoff champion , and the wales trophy was given to the regular season champion .	exclusively	only	primarily	solely	instead	strictly	specifically	mainly	entirely	mostly	simultaneously
it was discovered and opened about the same time as crystal cave , but was closed by the owners in the 1940s .	discovered	found	known	founded	located	created	uncovered	rediscovered	explored	hidden	diagnosed
italy purchased the city in 1905 and made mogadishu the capital of italian somaliland .	purchased	bought	acquired	received	sold	obtained	owned	united	traded	leased	consumed
sir terence david john pratchett , obe , more commonly known as terry pratchett , is an english novelist , known for his frequently comical work in the fantasy genre .	novelist	author	writer	narrator	publisher	businessman	landlord	protagonist	fictional	thriller	billionaire
students are obligated to attend the central high school .	obligated	required	expected	able	forced	encouraged	permitted	needed	ordered	mandated	bound
the technique consists of precoding the data so as to cancel the effect of the interference .	technique	practice	procedure	device	treatment	pattern	discipline	scheme	sequence	rhythm	ratio
in 1989 , these diversified interests started growing into separate organizations , as the fisheries project became grameen motsho and the irrigation project became grameen krishi .	organizations	groups	institutions	entities	associations	corporations	industries	structures	offices	unions	outfits
in august 1995 , the ttc suffered its worst subway accident in what it refers to as the russell hill accident , on the yonge-university-spadina line south of st. clair west station .	suffered	had	experienced	saw	lost	sustained	endured	got	survived	witnessed	received
the short-beaked echidna is an iconic animal in contemporary australia , notably appearing on the australian five-cent piece and on a $ 200 commemorative coin released in 1992 .	contemporary	modern	western	current	secular	mainstream	civilian	postwar	subtropical	broader	clark
gygax is generally acknowledged as the father of role-playing games .	generally	often	usually	commonly	widely	also	broadly	universally	sometimes	normally	uniformly
after 1910 , he spent the remainder of his life in moscow , working in the marfo-mariinsky convent .	remainder	rest	majority	most	entirety	last	duration	portion	latter	end	minority
situated 13 miles southeast of seattle , washington , renton straddles the southeast shore of lake washington .	situated	located	at	positioned	found	residing	established	about	standing	locating	aged
in the third book , harry potter and the prisoner of azkaban , rowling uses a time travel premise .	premise	concept	storyline	paradigm	metaphor	argument	theory	disguise	formula	narrative	setup
yass is a prominent area for raising sheep which produce very fine wool due to the soil and climatic conditions of the yass area .	prominent	famous	renowned	distinguished	common	notable	leading	prevalent	distinctive	desirable	predominant
annual production of lego bricks averages approximately 20 billion per year , or about 600 pieces per second : if all the lego bricks ever produced were to be divided equally among a world population of six billion , each person would have 62 lego bricks .	averages	is	reaches	:	was	exceeds	are	totals	reached	equals	-
historians are undecided if lincoln actually said this line , and in a letter that stowe wrote to her husband a few hours after meeting with lincoln no mention of this comment was made .	undecided	uncertain	unsure	wondering	unclear	deciding	confused	divided	debating	questioned	arguing
the interest was so great that developers found themselves advertising the parks rather than their own developments , as the highest prices would exist for the park perceived to be best .	advertising	selling	promoting	marketing	broadcasting	offering	addressing	announcing	ordering	identifying	applying
it generally consists of a shallow pool of water , usually quite calm .	generally	usually	commonly	often	broadly	largely	frequently	widely	roughly	uniformly	narrowly
a tropical cyclone strikes eastern cuba on september 28 .	strikes	hits	reaches	attacks	affects	touches	forms	damages	meets	crosses	develops
the romans believed the fumes produced by burning castoreum could induce an abortion ; paracelsus thought it could be used in the treatment of epilepsy ; and medieval beekeepers used it to increase honey production .	produced	generated	created	obtained	formed	made	released	emitted	used	caused	left
phosgene can be detected at 0.4 ppm , which is four times the threshold limit value .	detected	found	discovered	observed	measured	seen	identified	recorded	recognised	characterised	classed
he invites his sister , may belle to enter terabithia ; she is delighted because she was previously denied any opportunity to enter .	denied	refused	rejected	granted	without	suppressed	forbidden	barred	blocked	treated	lacked
oat bread was first manufactured in england , where the first oat bread factory was established in 1899 .	manufactured	produced	made	sold	invented	marketed	printed	cultivated	synthesized	formed	popularized
the trans-asian railway is a project to create an integrated freight railway network across europe and asia .	create	build	make	develop	provide	produce	establish	form	construct	become	include
if the object has exactly the same density as the fluid , then its buoyancy equals its weight .	fluid	water	liquid	body	gas	mixture	stream	solvent	vapor	substance	mineral
they have also been observed in captivity catching spiny dogfish of up to 3-4 feet in length .	observed	seen	found	reported	discovered	recorded	noticed	spotted	sighted	exhibited	identified
in mid-november 2008 , president-elect obama and clinton discussed the possibility of her serving as u.s. secretary of state in his administration , and on november 21 , reports indicated that she had accepted the position .	indicated	suggested	appeared	showed	revealed	concluded	emerged	stated	hinted	referred	recommended
outcast of redwall is a fantasy novel by brian jacques , published in 1995 .	novel	book	story	series	thriller	game	adventure	tale	album	paperback	treatise
with the others bailed out for various food items , tom was the last man standing and won immunity .	various	other	different	certain	some	the	several	common	specific	particular	dubious
thus , on unification day , october 3 , 1990 , the german democratic republic ceased to exist , giving way to five new federal states , and east and west berlin were also unified as a single city , forming a sixth new federal state . the new federal states immediately became parts of the federal republic of germany , so that it was enlarged to include the whole territory of the former east germany .	territory	area	land	state	region	population	space	district	range	sphere	sector
in the opening and middlegame , the king will rarely play an active role in the development of an offensive or defensive position .	rarely	never	not	seldom	occasionally	usually	sometimes	commonly	frequently	barely	periodically
the most troublesome situation usually occurs with short journeys from west to east .	troublesome	difficult	unpleasant	serious	dangerous	unhappy	confusing	important	suspicious	sinister	memorable
barnes & noble , inc. is the largest book retailer in the united states , operating mainly through its barnes & noble booksellers chain of bookstores headquartered in lower fifth avenue in lower manhattan , new york city .	headquartered	located	based	,	situated	residing	housed	formerly	anchored	centered	.
hurricane-force wind gusts were reported in new england .	hurricane-force	no	some	major	two	strong	these	severe	similar	high	higher
spain and luxembourg currently have bourbon monarchs .	currently	also	presently	now	still	both	temporarily	officially	briefly	respectively	alternatively
the toys are similar to many other small plush toys , however , each webkinz toy has an attached tag with a unique `` secret code '' printed on it that allows access to the `` webkinz world '' website .	unique	different	special	distinct	distinctive	specific	new	secret	recognizable	memorable	certain
jamie farr is an american television and film actor and popular game show panelist .	panelist	host	presenter	moderator	contestant	judge	commentator	personality	member	participant	competitor
however , the availability of suitable habitat is critical : forest must be neither too old nor too young .	availability	supply	existence	abundance	absence	accessibility	acquisition	production	occurrence	application	acceptance
he enrolled at papanui high school , then university of canterbury , but for only one year .	enrolled	studied	began	was	attended	registered	enlisted	integrated	excelled	competed	auditioned
famous for hosting the annual rose bowl football game and the tournament of roses parade , pasadena is the home of many leading scientific and cultural institutions , including the california institute of technology , pasadena city college , the jet propulsion laboratory , art center college of design , the pasadena playhouse , california school of culinary arts pasadena , the norton simon museum of art and the pacific asia museum .	leading	prominent	renowned	major	important	top	emerging	influential	eminent	promising	elite
bunch is a small unincorporated community in southwestern adair county , oklahoma , united states .	community	town	area	village	city	population	place	settlement	location	locality	market
the association of virtue with withdrawal from society - and specifically from cities - was a familiar theme in religious literature .	theme	title	topic	motif	feature	metaphor	pattern	element	item	genre	chord
she has three older brothers : aaron , benjamin , and nathaniel , the latter of whom is a model and actor .	latter	last	second	former	other	first	younger	same	youngest	remainder	formerly
before meeting the sacramento river , the san joaquin river has two distributary rivers , the old river and the middle river , both of which once were the main channels of the river . due to the bend in the san joaquin river channel at the head of the old river , a significant portion of the san joaquin river flow continues down the old river instead of heading northward along the san joaquin .	significant	small	large	major	substantial	sizable	smaller	certain	notable	considerable	noteworthy
the primary trinity included tinia , uni and menrva .	primary	main	second	first	secondary	major	tertiary	original	basic	minor	parallel
tolstoy was born in yasnaya polyana , the family estate in the tula region of russia .	estate	house	property	farm	garden	plantation	domain	station	enterprise	manor	plant
the earthquake engineering research institute is a leader in dissemination of earthquake engineering research related information both in the u.s. and globally .	research	study	development	radio	basic	work	regulatory	graduate	reform	review	r
notable former managers of notts county include jimmy sirrel , neil warnock , howard kendall and sam allardyce .	former	current	old	past	previous	head	later	new	once	last	present
in addition to local research conducted at the radio telescope , parkes scientists have assisted nasa for several missions as a southern hemisphere relay and communications station .	assisted	helped	aided	supported	accompanied	served	attended	provided	augmented	participated	integrated
volcanologists frequently visit volcanoes , especially active ones , to observe volcanic eruptions , collect eruptive products including tephra , rock and lava samples .	frequently	often	commonly	regularly	generally	typically	widely	repeatedly	heavily	readily	prominently
pool , also known as pocket billiards , is the general term for a family of cue sports played on a pool table with six receptacles called pockets along the , into which balls are deposited as the main goal of play .	receptacles	holes	pockets	slots	chambers	areas	spaces	cells	compartments	points	sections
he normally appears in a running gag , where he usually suffers unfortunate , nearly always fatal , events .	unfortunate	terrible	unpleasant	numerous	unhappy	disastrous	hideous	unacceptable	interesting	memorable	exceptional
most digital media are based on translating analog data into digital data and vice-versa .	translating	converting	turning	writing	rendering	describing	copying	modifying	encoding	representing	expressing
wrestlers portrayed a villain or a hero as they followed a series of events that built tension , and culminated into a wrestling match or series of matches .	villain	monster	leader	character	foe	member	sinister	host	clown	betray	reverse
not to be confused with `` terms '' in colloquial usages , the shortened form of technical terms which are defined within a discipline or speciality field .	discipline	department	field	division	domain	sector	curriculum	profession	specialty	degree	hierarchy
a `` dune field '' is an area covered by extensive sand dunes .	extensive	widespread	large	vast	numerous	substantial	enormous	many	expansive	elaborate	abundant
107 camilla is one of the largest main belt asteroids .	largest	smallest	biggest	smaller	giant	highest	first	greatest	longest	tallest	greater
first mentioned by the ancient greek geographer ptolemy , the pre-christian settlement of the saxon people originally covered an area a little more to the northwest , with parts of the southern jutland peninsula , old saxony and small sections of the eastern low countries .	sections	portions	parts	areas	regions	segments	reaches	divisions	tracts	provisions	patches
jeanne demessieux had a prodigious memory : she had memorized more than 2,500 works , including the complete organ works of johann sebastian bach , csar franck , franz liszt , felix mendelssohn and marcel dupr .	prodigious	good	great	remarkable	musical	unique	deep	long	famous	perfect	memorable
at the end of each season , a series of playoff games are contested among the top six teams in the nfc , consisting of the four division champions and the two other teams with the best win-loss records .	contested	held	played	disputed	fought	competed	sought	favored	granted	anticipated	stipulated
veritas and undina would have been the largest fragments of that collision .	fragments	pieces	debris	bones	remnants	shards	pebbles	shells	rubble	sections	leaflets
after the partitions of poland in 1794 the area was annexed by prussia .	annexed	occupied	acquired	ruled	conquered	settled	invaded	administered	ceded	united	influenced
the models initially had difficulty predicting the track of the depression and the forecasts from the national hurricane center reflected this , indicating that the depression would move towards texas .	reflected	represented	showed	recorded	expressed	mirrored	contained	revealed	indicated	echoed	mirror
a british nobleman , lord stanhope , took an interest in hauser and gained custody of him late in 1831 .	gained	got	obtained	lost	sought	earned	acquired	attained	became	formed	secured
simon phillip cowell is an english music executive , television producer and entrepreneur .	entrepreneur	businessman	founder	philanthropist	investor	owner	developer	explorer	proprietor	millionaire	competitor
the remnants of the depression persisted until 2 am edt at which time it was absorbed by a warm front .	absorbed	swallowed	eaten	enveloped	acquired	eroded	superseded	amalgamated	merged	overwhelmed	engulfed
a good measure of notability is whether someone has been featured in multiple , independent , reliable sources .	multiple	several	many	numerous	different	other	two	various	separate	consecutive	additional
it originally aired on the fox network in the united states on october 10 , 1991 .	aired	premiered	appeared	ran	began	played	opened	featured	went	broadcast	screened
religious law is explicitly based on religious precepts .	precepts	doctrine	teachings	principles	doctrines	beliefs	law	norms	scriptures	teaching	truths
the principal greenhouse , in an art nouveau style with a modern metallic structure , resembles the mid-19th century crystal palace in london .	resembles	is	features	represents	affects	recalls	has	mentions	mirrors	studies	addresses
metlink , formerly the met , is the marketing body and umbrella brand for public train , tram and bus transport operators in greater melbourne , victoria , australia .	brand	company	label	name	firm	trademark	sponsor	term	mark	banner	badge
on april 9 , 1919 , miss marcella sherwood , who supervised the mission day school for girls was bicycling round the city to close her schools when she was assaulted by a mob in a narrow street , the kucha kurrichhan , was beaten and left wounded .	assaulted	attacked	beaten	invaded	abused	violated	overwhelmed	harassed	battered	exploited	penetrated
schoenberg refused , saying `` i would only make you a bad schoenberg , and you 're such a good gershwin already . ''	refused	declined	failed	replied	rejected	disagreed	answered	accepted	protested	objected	denied
however media outlets soon found ways around the ban , initially by the use of subtitles , but later and more commonly by the use of an actor reading his words over the images of him speaking .	initially	generally	originally	first	subsequently	mainly	although	largely	previously	primarily	principally
however , the new king , louis xviii , knew that ideas of nationalism and democracy still lingered in his country ; hence the establishment and signing of the charte constitutionnelle franaise , the french constitution otherwise known as la charte .	hence	thus	in	so	particularly	see	for	saw	rendering		fiat
in 1873 mine employers attempted to introduce saturday afternoon and sunday shifts .	attempted	tried	began	failed	sought	intended	managed	struggled	elected	petitioned	hoped
he then settled in the avon valley , one of the most rugged and inaccessible places in the darling range .	inaccessible	isolated	remote	deserted	unknown	accessible	uninhabited	obscure	challenging	secluded	unfamiliar
the central planets are firmly under alliance control , but the outlying planets and moons resemble the 19th century american west , with little governmental authority .	outlying	other	nearby	isolated	adjacent	surrounding	associated	peripheral	southwestern	remote	adjoining
in 1639 , williams established a baptist church in providence , rhode island , and clarke began a baptist church in newport , rhode island .	established	began	founded	started	opened	formed	developed	created	found	begun	commenced
while each edition of windows 2000 was targeted to a different market , they share a core set of features , including many system utilities such as the microsoft management console and standard system administration applications .	core	main	common	basic	similar	specific	complex	complementary	deep	hardcore	ge
the first conflict between the british and the marathas was the first anglo-maratha war which began in 1774 and resulted in the 1782 treaty of salbai , by which the island of salsette , adjacent to bombay island , was ceded to the british , while bharuch was ceded to the maratha ruler scindia .	adjacent	next	attached	opposite	contiguous	located	analogous	anterior	annexed	affiliated	subsequent
openoffice.org calc is the spreadsheet component of the openoffice.org software package .	component	version	part	portion	section	variant	application	branch	constituent	subsidiary	counterpart
the countess tells him it is only susanna , trying on her wedding dress .	tells	informs	told	says	shows	reminds	warns	gives	is	leaves	states
early representations of the balalaika show it with anywhere from two to six strings , which resembles certain central asian instruments .	representations	illustrations	forms	versions	drawings	depictions	examples	performances	presentations	indications	reliefs
additional praise was given to its scope and future potential based on user-created content ; minor criticism was reserved for specific elements of the gameplay mechanics and level creation facilities .	elements	aspects	features	items	themes	functions	members	stages	incidents	ingredients	articles
loamhedge is a fantasy novel by brian jacques , published in 2003 .	published	released	printed	republished	written	appeared	produced	found	completed	discovered	reprinted
the eastern orthodox church accepts psalm 151 as canonical . roman catholics , protestants , and most jews consider it apocryphal .	consider	believe	regard	call	judge	include	label	classify	treat	recognize	disregard
he aided the doukhobors in migrating to canada .	aided	helped	assisted	supported	encouraged	facilitated	guided	benefited	assists	augmented	attended
it is a permissive license , meaning that it permits reuse within proprietary software on the condition that the license is distributed with that software . the license is also gpl-compatible , meaning that the gpl permits combination and redistribution with software that uses the mit license .	permits	allows	prohibits	enables	contains	supports	encourages	regulates	blocks	trusts	convicts
the battalion is usually part of a regiment , group or a brigade , depending on the organizational model used by that service .	usually	often	sometimes	commonly	typically	always	normally	then	generally	mostly	nowadays
intense feelings of resentment trigger the initial retaliation , which causes the other party to feel equally aggrieved and vengeful .	retaliation	response	punishment	backlash	treatment	reward	resentment	counterattack	suppression	defense	reinforcement
gravitational energy is the energy associated with the gravitational field .	associated	related	involved	identified	correlated	connected	linked	corresponding	affiliated	shared	attributed
the dead body of a human is referred to as a cadaver , or corpse .	human	man	person	mortal	child	woman	civilian	body	criminal	vampire	corpse
marshal manuel deodoro da fonseca became the first president of the republic of brazil after heading a military coup that deposed emperor pedro ii .	coup	revolution	junta	uprising	revolt	dictatorship	overthrow	conspiracy	mutiny	insurrection	purge
slipknot is a heavy metal band formed by vocalist and percussionist anders colsefni , guitarists donnie steele and josh `` gnar '' brainard , bassist paul gray , drummer joey jordison and percussionist shawn crahan , in des moines , iowa .	formed	founded	started	created	found	established	known	developed	played	born	reformed
the most recent goaltender to have scored a goal by deliberately shooting the puck into his opponents ' net was evgeni nabokov , in 2002 .	deliberately	intentionally	secretly	purposely	forcibly	not	regularly	voluntarily	consciously	wrongly	falsely
following the withdrawal of the more powerful class 74 electro-diesels in 1977 , the class 73 is now unique on the british railway network .	network	system	company	station	line	surface	band	route	trunk	syndicate	n
upon receiving its classification , the depression consisted of a partially exposed low-level center with deep convection occupying the northeastern semicircle .	occupying	in	covering	within	filling	representing	across	encompassing	adjoining	comprising	above
these notable synagogues include ; the great synagogue of rome , the new synagogue , the leopoldst_dter tempel , the grand choral synagogue , the great synagogue , the moscow choral synagogue , the great synagogue of florence , the great synagogue , plzen , the great synagogue , the ko ice orthodox synagogue , the novi sad synagogue , the szeged synagogue , the sofia synagogue and the great synagogue of oran .	notable	great	famous	major	large	prominent	important	renowned	significant	particular	famed
most of the detainees were captured japanese and italian military personnel , on august 5 , 1944 at least 545 japanese pows attempted a mass breakout from the camp , in perhaps the largest prison escape in world history .	breakout	escape	escaping	exit	exodus	uprising	outbreak	evacuation	escapes	overthrow	theft
vinaigrette is a mixture of salad oil and vinegar , often flavored with herbs , spices , salt , pepper , sugar , and other ingredients .	ingredients	elements	preparations	components	materials	recipes	industries	vegetables	settings	constituents	onions
he supported the building of churches by distributing literature and providing ministers .	distributing	producing	spreading	promoting	supplying	selling	collecting	administering	releasing	circulating	obtaining
as of the early 21st century , christianity has between 1.5 billion and 2.2 billion adherents .	adherents	followers	members	practitioners	devotees	converts	people	disciples	individuals	subscribers	respondents
many schools teach children to make sock puppets and then have the children put on shows or plays for the whole school with them , sometimes with all the sock puppets singing .	singing	playing	dancing	performing	crying	chanting	sang	acting	musical	appearing	composing
the word cereal derives from ceres , the name of the roman goddess of harvest and agriculture .	derives	comes	originates	stems	is	develops	arises	differs	descends	distinguishes	forms
miramax films was last operated by daniel battsek who reported to rich ross , chairman of walt disney studios motion pictures .	operated	owned	controlled	managed	run	ran	led	administered	sold	conducted	governed
he is portrayed by mark hamill .	portrayed	played	depicted	represented	described	performed	appeared	shown	starred	featured	hosted
super smash bros. was developed by hal laboratory , a nintendo second-party developer , during .	developed	built	created	produced	played	designed	formed	influenced	written	redeveloped	merged
the northern and western edges of the cotswolds are marked by steep escarpments down to the severn valley and the warwickshire avon .	escarpments	slopes	cliffs	ridges	valleys	drops	mountains	rocks	climbs	terraces	spurs
they renamed the place alcante or alcanatif which means port of salt , due to the old salt industry of phoenicians and romans .	renamed	called	named	name	nicknamed	rebranded	changed	founded	knew	addressed	spelled
it was founded in 1964 in hamilton , ontario by canadian hockey player tim horton and jim charade , after an initial venture in hamburger restaurants .	founded	established	formed	started	opened	began	discovered	begun	known	located	born
the annual mean temperature is 25 c ; regional mean temperatures range from 18 c in the heart of the cordillera central to as high as 27 c in arid regions .	annual	yearly	daily	local	overall	original	average	economic	permanent	absolute	ongoing
epistemology or theory of knowledge is the branch of philosophy concerned with the nature and scope of knowledge .	scope	extent	definition	breadth	significance	complexity	broad	validity	classification	duration	framework
the process is termed lichenometry .	termed	called	named	described	regarded	labelled	entitled	denoted	deemed	known	baptised
the name `` sea of corts '' is the one preferred by most local residents .	residents	people	inhabitants	communities	members	citizens	population	individuals	owners	neighborhoods	neighbourhoods
the 1997 atlantic hurricane season officially began on june 1 , 1997 , and lasted until november 30 , 1997 .	lasted	continued	stayed	ended	went	persisted	ran	existed	grew	stretched	reached
this was the first time in survivor history that the two initial teams were not preselected by the producers .	preselected	chosen	selected	picked	named	decided	created	nominated	recommended	interviewed	voted
the geological community generally accepts this hypothesis because it best explains sedimentary deposits generally regarded as of glacial origin at tropical paleolatitudes and other enigmatic features in the geological record .	hypothesis	theory	assumption	conjecture	proposition	thesis	model	doctrine	classification	correlation	scenario
the hells angels , at the peak of their ` outlaw ' reputation , corralled lost children .	corralled	found	rescued	killed	scattered	treated	gathered	raised	punished	murdered	enslaved
the roof of the west stand is corrugated iron this also houses the main television gantry which is accessed from the upper tier seating area by a temporary ladder .	tier	level	stage	deck	storey	triad	sector	trio	tab	valet	synth
it gradually decayed into a surface low pressure trough , and developed into two disturbances ; one was centered 290 miles south-southeast of cape cod and another was located 200 miles south of cape hatteras , north carolina .	gradually	slowly	eventually	rapidly	progressively	nearly	quickly	steadily	briefly	successively	continuously
techno is a form of electronic dance music that emerged in detroit , michigan , us during the mid to late 1980s .	emerged	developed	arose	originated	began	appeared	grew	evolved	flourished	surfaced	formed
dhamtour has an average elevation of 1110 metres .	elevation	height	altitude	temperature	topography	rainfall	peak	prominence	altitudes	address	latitude
while in cambrai he collaborated with nicolas grenon on a complete revision of the liturgical musical collection of the cathedral , which included writing an extensive collection of polyphonic music for services .	included	involved	meant	was	contained	began	consisted	required	featured	covered	comprised
it is also the only one of the former provinces of south africa not to undergo border changes , excluding the incorporation of bantustans .	excluding	including	besides	preventing	avoiding	governing	qualifying	minus	distinguishing	overlooking	ignoring
nevertheless , until the middle of the 20th century , agriculture dominated the canton .	nevertheless	however	although	thus	therefore	still	nonetheless	moreover	subsequently	accordingly	accordingly
the chain accounted for 22.6 % of all fast food industry revenues in canada in 2005 .	accounted	responsible	stood	provided	compensated	reached	contributed	treated	arose	aimed	opted
whatever the truth of the rumors , james required a royal match to preserve the stuart line .	preserve	protect	destroy	save	safeguard	conserve	seal	retain	survive	keep	defend
in 2005 and 2006 , the bulgarian state railways begin operating desiro trains as part of a 67-million deal with siemens ag for a total of 25 diesel multiple units .	operating	running	using	working	performing	functioning	employing	conducting	playing	executing	serving
this category contains articles about albums released on island records .	contains	includes	has	holds	addresses	encompasses	covers	gives	is	supplies	treats
their heaviest defeats in the league were 10 - 1 against fulham in 1963 and 9 - 0 against manchester united in 1995 .	heaviest	biggest	largest	worst	deepest	greatest	strongest	highest	longest	most	lowest
uniquely among mammals , these teeth are continuously replaced throughout life , with new teeth growing at the rear as older teeth fall out from farther forward in the mouth .	continuously	periodically	regularly	steadily	repeatedly	eventually	gradually	always	systematically	mostly	fundamentally
it is also known as a clothes iron , flat iron , or smoothing iron .	smoothing	flat	rough	straightening	washing	common	winding	curving	relaxing	calming	calming
some of the first inhabitants of gili trawangan were from sulawesi who are fishermen and farmers .	inhabitants	residents	people	population	members	settlers	citizens	occupants	dwellers	arrivals	populations
thousands of videos exist on youtube of users showing the original video to their friends and taping their reactions , although some videos seem to be staged .	taping	recording	documenting	copying	measuring	studying	scoring	demonstrating	logging	registering	charting
however , on 13 april 2008 , before the completion of the initial five years , it was announced that bryce was to become the next governor-general of australia .	initial	first	final	subsequent	original	previous	additional	early	earlier	inaugural	overall
kasem is best known by name as a music historian and disc jockey , most notably as host of the weekly american top 40 radio program from 1970 to 1988 , and again from march 1998 until january 10 , 2004 , when ryan seacrest succeeded him .	program	show	series	service	segment	station	broadcast	host	portion	personality	corporation
liriodendron tulipifera , commonly known as the american tulip tree , tulip poplar or yellow poplar , is the western hemisphere representative of the two-species liriodendron genus and the tallest eastern hardwood .	commonly	often	also	widely	generally	sometimes	popularly	frequently	colloquially	informally	locally
another allegation asserts that during the previous year , on saint bartholomew 's day , vlad had 30,000 of the merchants and officials of the transylvanian city of bra ov impaled for breaking his authority .	asserts	states	identifies	is	declares	establishes	exists	maintains	confirms	concerns	poses
the result is a region of braided streams , marshes , and lakes the size of belgium ; the seasonal floods make the delta extremely productive for both fishing and agriculture .	extremely	very	highly	incredibly	exceptionally	immensely	remarkably	intensely	amazingly	severely	overwhelmingly
during one event , german charley attempting to prevent the theft of a racehorse from the coombing park stables was shot to death by mickey bourke .	prevent	stop	avoid	deter	prohibit	delay	control	protect	suppress	forbid	save
the cheetah hunts by vision rather than by scent .	vision	sight	perception	image	light	blindness	picture	blind	seeing	lightning	consciousness
spun yarns may contain a single type of fiber , or be a blend of various types . combining synthetic fibers with natural fibers is very common .	various	different	other	several	many	some	certain	numerous	similar	common	diverse
the character may be speaking his or her thoughts aloud , directly addressing another character , or speaking to the audience , especially the former .	character	person	protagonist	human	child	main	figure	personality	player	fictional	portrayed
the aar , a tributary of the rhine , is the longest river that both rises and ends entirely within switzerland .	rises	begins	arises	rose	raises	lies	appears	forms	exists	originates	arose
the atmosphere was so intense that gring , in a telephone call that evening , stated : `` there is unbelievable jubilation in austria .	stated	said	wrote	mentioned	described	announced	expressed	declared	found	specified	commented
the intent is to display the likeness , personality , and even the mood of the person .	intent	purpose	objective	order	desire	goal	focus	emphasis	objectives	impulse	ambition
kavirondo is the former name of the region surrounding kavirondo gulf as well as of two native peoples living there under the regime of british east africa .	former	current	old	last	first	past	previous	later	defunct	earlier	prior
they are a type of reporter gene used in laboratory microbiology , molecular biology , and genetic engineering to indicate the success of a transfection or other procedure meant to introduce foreign dna into a cell .	indicate	determine	identify	show	confirm	inform	display	report	signal	examine	announce
several other hollywood films are also believed to have been inspired by bollywood films .	inspired	influenced	created	helped	adapted	motivated	produced	caused	spawned	copied	developed
winchester college was founded in 1382 by william of wykeham , bishop of winchester and chancellor to both edward iii and richard ii , and the first seventy poor scholars entered the school in 1394 .	scholars	students	fellows	boys	pupils	studies	sons	servants	males	freshmen	fours
they consider the period of 1917 to 1991 to have been a period of occupation by the soviet regime which was internationalist and anti-christian .	regime	government	state	dictatorship	system	rule	party	order	society	programme	organisation
microsoft windows includes an implementation of ssl and tls as part of its secure channel package .	implementation	application	example	interpretation	infrastructure	instance	expression	interpreter	instruction	environment	algorithm
he proceeded to the franco-prussian war in 1870 , and , being taken prisoner at vaucouleurs , he remained in french captivity for three months .	proceeded	went	travelled	succeeded	attended	undertook	commenced	participated	replied	committed	embarked
pind dadan khan tehsil is a subdivision of jhelum district , punjab , pakistan .	subdivision	division	part	tehsil	development	branch	portion	classification	component	sector	taluka
although these reports did not contain any scores or rankings , the evaluation report for paris was considered the most positive , now followed closely by london which had narrowed down most of the gap observed by the initial evaluation in 2004 regarding paris .	considered	regarded	called	deemed	recognized	pronounced	judged	ranked	treated	titled	respected
the island of ireland lies only 30 k from the southwestern peninsula of kintyre ; norway is 305 k to the east and the faroes , 270 k to the north .	peninsula	cape	district	part	sector	harbour	mainland	coastline	plateau	wedge	punta
men are supposed to come to the mosque wearing loose and clean clothes that do not reveal the shape of the body .	reveal	show	conceal	hide	disclose	disguise	indicate	betray	expose	reflect	display
the kingdom of the franks under charlemagne was particularly hard-hit by these raiders , who could sail down the seine with near impunity .	impunity	certainty	freedom	ease	immortality	monopoly	blindness	accuracy	anything	oblivion	abandon
one day , she was given a home in stergtland as a gift by some rich women after she had cured them successfully and treated them .	successfully	well	safely	completely	properly	,	unsuccessfully	correctly	professionally	carefully	commercially
gumbasia , a 3 minute 34 second short film produced in 1953 , was the first clay animation produced by art clokey , who went on to create the classic series gumby and davy and goliath using the same technique .	classic	original	famous	modern	landmark	legendary	major	memorable	musical	regular	root
also , the sound of the regional language qawwali can be totally different from that of mainstream qawwali .	mainstream	standard	conventional	regular	civilian	orthodox	general	mass	legitimate	substantive	loyalist
many people see al jazeera as a more trustworthy source of information than government and foreign channels .	trustworthy	reliable	important	credible	valuable	useful	accurate	stable	secure	influential	comprehensive
the epping ongar railway operates on a preserved railway along the final section of the old great eastern railway and london underground central line branch line between epping and ongar , with an intermediate station at north weald .	final	last	first	end	penultimate	second	closing	terminal	remaining	concluding	ending
in the immunity challenge , koror had an early lead , but ulong made a slight comeback .	slight	small	minor	significant	substantial	little	noticeable	certain	mild	faint	relative
it is also widely believed that the size and number of connections in the prefrontal cortex relates directly to sentience , as the prefrontal cortex in humans occupies a far larger percentage of the brain than any other animal . as the brain has tripled in size over 5 million years of human evolution , the prefrontal cortex has increased in size sixfold .	relates	refers	corresponds	applies	translates	connects	contributes	compares	reduces	responds	links
during its boom times , beechworth town boasted a range of industries including , a tannery , jewellers , boot makers , a brewery , blacksmiths , livestock sale yards .	livestock	animal	cattle	sheep	stock	cow	pasture	veterinary	hog	goats	pastoral
traditionally , after a long period of consuming gimjang kimchi during the winter , fresh potherbs and vegetables were popular for making kimchi . these kinds of kimchi were not fermented or even stored for long periods of time but were consumed fresh .	period	time	while	term	duration	spell	interval	stretch	range	sequence	tenure
still visible throughout former east berlin are the characteristic `` ampelm_nnchen '' on some pedestrian traffic lights .	characteristic	distinctive	typical	memorable	initials	features	recognizable	distinguishing	trademark	indicator	decorative
on 5 february 2007 , apple inc. and apple corps announced a settlement of their trademark dispute under which apple inc. will own all of the trademarks related to `` apple '' and will license certain of those trademarks back to apple corps for their continued use .	announced	reached	released	established	formed	decided	declared	opened	ordered	discovered	agreed
the head of ornitholestes was relatively small .	relatively	comparatively	very	fairly	moderately	generally	unusually	reasonably	surprisingly	currently	reportedly
the northern part of the continent , covering much of siberia was also inaccessible to the steppe nomads due to the dense forests and the tundra .	inaccessible	accessible	unknown	unavailable	isolated	invisible	lost	deserted	uninhabited	unfamiliar	accessibility
while at trinity he became more focussed on music , for there he met the folk song collector cecil sharp and composer and folk song enthusiast ralph vaughan williams .	focussed	concentrated	centred	fixed	dependent	interested	oriented	specialised	serious	centered	specialized
canadian english is the variety of english used in canada . more than 26 million canadians have some knowledge of english .	variety	form	type	style	version	dialect	range	strain	study	diversity	corruption
whedon wanted to create something for television that was more character-driven and gritty than most modern science fiction .	create	make	produce	write	develop	do	design	provide	build	have	compose
fought on 22 august 1485 , the battle was won by the lancastrians . their leader henry tudor , earl of richmond , became the first english monarch of the tudor dynasty by his victory and subsequent marriage to a yorkist princess .	monarch	king	sovereign	ruler	kingdom	royal	royalist	regent	royals	tsar	royalty
the books were later adapted into a television series and a feature film .	adapted	developed	turned	made	arranged	converted	formed	transformed	edited	elaborated	organised
the mtr was immediately popular with residents of hong kong ; as a result , subsequent lines have been built to cover more territory . there are continual debates regarding how and where to expand the mtr network .	immediately	instantly	quickly	soon	initially	very	promptly	unexpectedly	extremely	already	reasonably
it is bounded by munshiganj district and comilla district on the north , noakhali district , lakshmipur district and barisal district on the south , comilla district on the east , and meghna river , shariatpur district and munshiganj district on the west .	bounded	bordered	surrounded	formed	encircled	confined	influenced	limited	constrained	affected	framed
then we see her deliberately contract cholera and be transferred to hospital .	transferred	treated	migrated	assigned	switched	segregated	admitted	distributed	reassigned	loaned	corrupted
darth maul appears in as the apprentice of sith lord darth sidious who sends him to capture queen padm amidala and eliminate the two jedi , qui-gon jinn and obi-wan kenobi .	capture	catch	kidnap	trap	take	seize	secure	attack	grab	arrest	claim
this arrangement provided most of the agricultural labor throughout the middle ages .	provided	supplied	found	furnished	gave	contained	supplies	created	contributed	compensated	formed
roadrunner records is a record label that concentrates primarily on heavy metal bands .	concentrates	focuses	works	focus	focused	specializes	presents	is	deals	promotes	centres
ashoka did not completely prohibit the killing of animals ; he prohibited gratuitous killings , he advocated restraint in the number that had to be killed for consumption , protected some of them , and in general condemned violent acts against animals , such as castration .	prohibit	forbid	prevent	ban	allow	restrict	regulate	permit	suppress	require	condemn
to reduce space and increase reading speed , virtually all braille books are transcribed in what is known as grade 2 braille , which uses a system of contractions to reduce space and speed the process of reading .	reduce	save	minimize	lower	conserve	contain	decrease	lose	address	preserve	have
this is a considerably higher total than that of any other european country .	considerably	significantly	much	slightly	substantially	noticeably	somewhat	comparatively	notably	relatively	vastly
apples require cross-pollination between individuals by insects ; all are self-sterile , and self-pollination is impossible , making pollinating insects essential .	require	need	have	include	lack	demand	needed	involve	want	satisfy	assume
a final violent confrontation with police took place at glenrowan .	confrontation	encounter	clash	showdown	discussion	dispute	interaction	collision	transaction	dictatorship	enclosure
a tropical wave , which had previously spawned tropical depression six , interacted with an upper-level low pressure area to develop an area of deep convection near hispaniola on july 23 , 2003 .	previously	earlier	originally	also	initially	formerly	subsequently	briefly	similarly	currently	temporarily
other females within the social group may assist in the birthing process and tend to the newborns .	newborns	babies	infants	children	infant	child	young	embryo	adolescents	minors	minors
his reign spanned the years from 809 through 823 .	spanned	covered	encompassed	lasted	encompasses	included	across	stretched	crossed	embraced	reached
neem karoli was a life-long adept of bhakti yoga , and encouraged service to others as the highest form of unconditional devotion to god .	highest	best	greatest	lowest	ultimate	supreme	deepest	first	top	largest	utmost
fives is a british sport believed to derive from the same origins as many racquet sports .	derive	originate	develop	stem	come	arise	form	branch	differ	divert	descend
in 1269 it was the seat of a famous battle during the wars of guelphs and ghibellines and in 1479 it was besieged by neapolitan troops .	besieged	attacked	siege	fortified	conquered	invaded	occupied	stormed	evacuated	bombed	invested
gr_nberg and fert have received a number of prestigious prizes and awards for their discovery and contributions to the field of spintronics including the 2007 nobel prize in physics .	received	obtained	earned	won	accepted	garnered	gained	gotten	attained	awarded	known
during their trip , aras and cirie made a pact for the final 2 ; while danielle and terry also conspired for their fate in the game during their time on exile .	conspired	plotted	fought	struggled	planned	battled	played	pleaded	suffered	compromised	debated
gorgoneia that decorate the shields of warriors on mid-5th century greek vases are considerably less grotesque and menacing .	menacing	sinister	ominous	terrifying	disturbing	frightening	threatening	hideous	unpleasant	ghostly	intimidating
charon , discovered in 1978 at the united states naval observatory flagstaff station , is the largest satellite of the dwarf planet pluto . following the 2005 discovery of two other natural satellites of pluto , charon may also be referred to as pluto i . the new horizons mission is scheduled to visit charon and pluto in july 2015 .	satellite	moon	sphere	sector	mirror	hemisphere	part	target	shadow	twin	variant
they are typically specified to withstand an impact of 3600 g and temperatures of over 1,000 c .	typically	usually	generally	commonly	often	normally	currently	frequently	traditionally	subsequently	nationally
if k rei did exist , there is no evidence to suggest that the title tenn was used during the time period to which his reign has been assigned .	evidence	reason	support	proof	information	indication	record	documentation	testimony	influence	material
once a flourishing saxon riverport , it lies in the waveney valley and is a popular boating center .	lies	is	lay	lays	rests	sits	falls	lands	resides	plays	beds
the circuit cost approximately us $ 150 million to construct .	construct	build	create	develop	complete	make	manufacture	provide	establish	supervise	comprise
a page that is a redirect can be moved like any other page .	moved	removed	changed	replaced	found	relocated	transferred	treated	shifted	transported	raised
then cogswell asked gallaudet to travel to europe to study methods for teaching deaf students , especially those of the braidwood family in edinburgh , scotland .	travel	go	come	journey	fly	move	trip	depart	proceed	visit	voyage
he is widely known for his roles as little joe cartwright in bonanza , charles ingalls in little house on the prairie , and jonathan smith in highway to heaven .	widely	well	commonly	generally	broadly	best	largely	popularly	internationally	worldwide	universally
since minamoto no yoritomo launched the shogunate , the true power had been in the hand of the shoguns , who were mistaken several times for the emperors of japan by the chinese government .	launched	founded	created	established	started	began	formed	found	reorganized	proclaimed	ascended
swiss cheese is a generic name common to many countries for several related varieties of cheese which resemble the swiss emmental .	resemble	mimic	include	are	approximate	like	shape	simulate	copy	recall	echo
several of these tropical cyclones have caused deaths or heavy property damage , usually due to flooding caused by rain .	caused	produced	created	brought	left	made	recorded	known	reached	killed	treated
through these feedback processes , the cryosphere plays a significant role in global climate and in climate model response to global change .	significant	major	large	key	substantial	notable	critical	sizable	important	small	meaningful
about 20 % of patients with acute ischemic colitis may develop a long-term complication known as chronic ischemic colitis .	develop	have	get	become	acquire	form	experience	suffer	undergo	show	lose
fiction records is a uk formerly indie label , now wholly owned by polydor a subsidiary of universal music group , started by chris parry in 1978 that is best known as being the home of the cure for over 20 years .	owned	sold	acquired	held	controlled	bought	operated	known	purchased	founded	located
alexander stepanovich popov was a russian physicist who first demonstrated the practical application of electromagnetic waves , although he did not apply for a patent for his invention .	demonstrated	showed	described	proved	discovered	saw	exhibited	studied	documented	witnessed	performed
in nature , there is a strong evolutionary pressure for animals to blend into their environment or conceal their shape ; for prey animals to avoid predators and for predators to be able to sneak up on prey .	conceal	disguise	hide	reveal	mask	camouflage	cloak	disguised	shadow	obscure	absorb
in switzerland , the constitutional ban on absinthe was repealed in 2000 during an overhaul of the national constitution , although the prohibition was written into ordinary law instead .	prohibition	ban	law	suppression	forbid	restriction	prescription	banning	deception	dictatorship	constraint
one theory suggests that the source of the name is an ancient finnic language , in which it means `` dark '' and `` turbid '' .	turbid	mad	dry	ugly	dirty	barren	muddy	chaotic	filthy	poisonous	poisonous
the geological composition of rock and soil dictates the type of shore which is created .	dictates	determines	defines	determine	affects	regulates	govern	influences	describes	creates	affect
he held the imperial seal and could convene all other viziers to attend to affairs of the state ; the viziers in conference were called `` kubbealt viziers '' in reference to their meeting place , the kubbealt in topkap palace .	convene	order	summon	gather	organize	appoint	invite	call	assemble	meet	lead
combining their observations with thermal measurements taken in november 2000 , the team estimated the size of the components of the system .	observations	findings	studies	discoveries	measurements	experiences	investigations	recordings	preparations	errors	outputs
many beijing office towers were evacuated , including the building housing the media offices for the organizers of the 2008 summer olympics .	towers	buildings	blocks	houses	structures	complexes	companies	floors	flats	suites	leaflets
the sculpture was made from the same weathering steel as the angel of the north sculpture , which gradually develops a tightly adhering oxide layer as it is exposed to the elements .	gradually	slowly	progressively	eventually	steadily	then	successively	subsequently	continuously	quickly	systematically
valzacchi and annina now offer their services to him .	services	studies	help	works	assistance	skills	functions	purposes	needs	performances	salaries
because carbon dioxide is released at a faster rate through the acid-base reaction than through fermentation , breads made by chemical leavening are called quick breads .	released	produced	discharged	lost	created	emitted	obtained	raised	exhaled	liberated	dissipated
many publications , such as the suikoden world guide and suikoden encyclopedia , exist for the suikoden series , though the majority are only in japanese .	exist	are	appear	arise	originate	occur	include	persist	account	survive	have
as an adult , he was charged with a long list of crimes , including possession of counterfeit money , loitering and prowling , burglary , kidnapping and armed robbery .	loitering	wandering	roaming	drifting	crawling	residing	begging	looting	tending	smuggling	cheating
most baseball uniforms have the names and uniform numbers of players who wear them , usually on the backs of the uniforms to distinguish players from one other .	distinguish	separate	recognize	identify	differentiate	divide	contrast	designate	differ	constitute	foil
it was founded where the nascent sydney to melbourne road crossed water in the form of the yass river .	nascent	old	early	main	new	first	original	then	former	current	fledgling
heights are measured to the structural height , which includes architectural elements , but not communications spires or antennas , per the guidelines of the council on tall buildings and urban habitat .	includes	contains	comprises	encompasses	is	consists	covers	represents	refers	constitutes	addresses
the decimal separator or decimal point or decimal comma is a symbol used to mark the boundary between the integral and the fractional parts of a decimal number in a positional numeral system .	boundary	border	line	frontier	edge	ground	limit	difference	area	interface	margin
the dam was completed in 1974 and was designed to store water from the indus river for irrigation and flood control , and for the generation of hydro-electric power .	designed	built	intended	used	developed	meant	created	located	equipped	planned	dedicated
particularly , community-building activities that are not strictly `` on topic '' may be allowed , especially when initiated by committed wikipedians with good edit histories .	initiated	started	begun	organized	organised	ordered	undertaken	influenced	inspired	originated	prompted
xanten is also a popular filming location and the site of many concerts .	site	location	venue	home	scene	host	centre	name	source	seat	subject
a reconnaissance aircraft flight into the system on september 20 reported a well-defined low and strong wind gusts in squalls as the system tracked into the northeastern gulf of mexico , along with limited and disorganized thunderstorm activity .	tracked	rolled	climbed	raced	ran	steered	slid	fed	headed	ranged	jogged
in electronics , a voltage divider is a simple linear circuit that produces an output voltage that is a fraction of its input voltage . voltage division refers to the partitioning of a voltage among the components of the divider .	produces	generates	has	creates	makes	gives	outputs	gets	performs	yields	returns
the cynics were an influential group of philosophers from the ancient school of cynicism .	influential	important	early	active	elite	original	educated	effective	affluent	aristocratic	enormous
arche belongs to the carme group , made up of irregular retrograde moons orbiting jupiter at a distance ranging between 23 and 24 gm and at an inclination of about 165 .	irregular	regular	uniform	elliptical	eccentric	oval	elongated	elliptic	orderly	aligned	colourful
loch ness is best known for the alleged sightings of the legendary loch ness monster , also known as `` nessie '' .	legendary	famous	giant	mysterious	mythical	notorious	infamous	renowned	mythological	famed	gigantic
typically , a fast shutter speed will require a larger aperture to ensure sufficient light exposure , and a slow shutter speed will require a smaller aperture to avoid excessive exposure .	avoid	prevent	escape	eliminate	minimize	cause	ensure	achieve	produce	discourage	assure
railways now bypass the three major falls , and much of the trade of central africa passes along the river , including copper , palm oil , sugar , coffee , and cotton .	bypass	connect	reach	include	cover	parallel	loop	serve	surround	skirt	address
security-enhanced linux is a linux feature that provides a mechanism for supporting access control security policies , including u.s. department of defense style mandatory access controls , through the use of linux security modules in the linux kernel .	provides	contains	includes	offers	presents	gives	creates	is	establishes	supplies	develops
johns and williams would have spent the next seven months working on a government work party in the local area , before being transferred to millbank prison .	transferred	sent	moved	assigned	switched	admitted	ordered	reassigned	promoted	treated	swapped
it lies on the southern side of lake constance .	lies	is	sits	lays	rests	lay	stands	falls	appears	lands	stretches
an england batting collapse resulted in an innings defeat , denying bradman the opportunity to bat again and so his career average finished at 99.94 ; if he had scored just four runs in his last innings , it would have been 100 . a story developed over the years that claimed bradman missed the ball because of tears in his eyes , a claim bradman denied for the rest of his life .	resulted	ended	culminated	produced	occurred	finished	consisted	succeeded	was	concluded	emerged
the croatia national football team represents the republic of croatia in international football .	represents	is	includes	plays	leads	promotes	serves	supports	helps	matches	assists
then , on august 15 , 1971 , united states president richard nixon announced that the united states dollar would no longer be convertible to gold , effectively ending the bretton woods system .	convertible	equivalent	fixed	binding	common	monetary	nominal	adjustable	universal	soluble	stressed
after holding the title for just over a month , they dropped them to john cena and batista on the august 4 episode of raw .	dropped	slipped	lost	gave	changed	switched	fell	got	dumped	slid	collapsed
in general relativity , the effects of gravitation are ascribed to spacetime curvature instead of a force .	ascribed	attributed	linked	referred	related	assigned	due	traced	attached	accounted	owing
it is rare and valuable in finer grades and has been prized as a gem and ornamental stone for thousands of years owing to its unique hue .	hue	colour	color	coloration	tone	shade	complexion	colours	illumination	disposition	sheen
for adam baldwin , who grew up watching westerns , the role of jayne cobb was particularly resonant .	resonant	memorable	important	recognizable	influential	melodic	familiar	musical	original	special	interesting
the sonata did not enter the mainstream repertoire , but it has been more recently championed by such pianists as marc-andr hamelin .	championed	praised	treated	popularized	favored	revived	celebrated	promoted	showcased	highlighted	revered
a tuning fork or electronic tuning device may be used as a reference pitch , though in ensemble rehearsals often a piano is used .	reference	standard	common	second	guide	starting	relative	secondary	higher	different	guiding
peter became extratropical on december 11 , and was absorbed by a cold front shortly thereafter .	thereafter	afterwards	afterward	after	subsequently	later	whereupon	beforehand	subsequent	accordingly	consequently
in 2003 , dushku appeared in wrong turn , a horror film in which she had the starring role , and the kiss , an independent comedy-drama .	appeared	starred	played	was	featured	acted	performed	worked	participated	portrayed	competed
his fighting style is primarily judo but has been modified to fight without the use of a judogi .	primarily	mostly	mainly	originally	predominantly	generally	largely	initially	typically	chiefly	main
in 1901 , an independent governor was again appointed .	appointed	chosen	elected	named	created	selected	established	installed	nominated	assigned	awarded
the album primarily deals with social issues that the band points on through various songs .	points	focuses	works	lines	looks	figures	nods	plays	refers	glances	motions
ganymede and callisto , at their maximum separation , are the likeliest targets for potential naked-eye observation .	potential	possible	prospective	future	subsequent	current	likely	eventual	proposed	qualified	suspected
word processing templates enable the ability to bypass the initial setup and configuration time necessary to create standardized documents such as a resume .	enable	provide	allow	facilitate	have	incorporate	address	permit	exploit	advise	encompass
a state religion is a religious body or creed officially endorsed by the state .	endorsed	approved	recognized	supported	sanctioned	sponsored	recognised	favored	encouraged	upheld	affiliated
the cibf was founded by the general egyptian book organisation , a government publishers and retailers group , in 1969 to coincide with celebrations of the 1000th anniversary of the founding of the city of cairo .	founding	formation	building	creation	establishment	finding	forming	first	naming	settling	setting
it initially was completely dark , but as voyager 2 approached the planet , a bright core developed and can be seen in most of the highest-resolution images .	initially	originally	also	previously	earlier	briefly	began	early	subsequently	currently	overall
a perfectly elastic collision is defined as one in which there is no loss of kinetic energy in the collision . an inelastic collision is one in which part of the kinetic energy is changed to some other form of energy in the collision .	kinetic	molecular	physical	total	mechanical	the	human	quantitative	momentum	collective	conserved
problems may arise particularly with disposable soft lenses ; if the surface tension between the lens and the finger is too great the lens may turn itself inside out ; alternatively it may fold itself in half . when the lens first contacts the eye , a brief period of irritation may ensue as the eye acclimatizes to the lens and also as dirt on the lens irritates the eye .	irritation	amusement	confusion	resentment	impatience	misery	annoyance	agony	discrimination	dissatisfaction	frustration
mary toft , also spelled tofts , was an english woman from godalming , surrey , who in 1726 became the subject of considerable controversy when she tricked doctors into believing that she had given birth to rabbits .	controversy	criticism	discussion	dispute	debate	scandal	trouble	publicity	protest	distinction	resentment
sdlp leader john hume , mp , identified the possibility that a negotiated settlement might be possible and began secret talks with adams in 1988 .	identified	recognized	recognised	described	indicated	investigated	regarded	examined	located	determined	uncovered
a brief stint on go kart records saw the release of `` fly the flag '' , and now with their latest release of `` windward tides and wayward sails '' in 2003 finds them on union label group .	latest	recent	last	current	second	final	fresh	southern	successive	newest	particular
it is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of union sportive du foyer de la rgie abidjan-niger .	matches	games	events	competitions	tournaments	,	purposes	plays	meetings	contests	disputes
for the next several weeks , kozlov was interviewed on wwe programming , proclaiming his love for `` double double e '' but also began drawing a villainous response after declaring his superiority over whatever wrestlers were competing at the time , saying `` i could beat both of them . ''	villainous	sinister	negative	positive	deadly	feminine	monstrous	horrible	menacing	bloody	corrupted
according to kojiki , the entrance to yomi lies in izumo province and was sealed off by izanagi-no-mikoto upon his flight from yomi , at which time he permanently blocked the entrance by placing a massive boulder at the base of the slope that leads to yomi . upon his return to ashihara-no-nakatsukuni , izanagi noted that yomi is a `` polluted land '' .	placing	putting	positioning	setting	locating	resting	installing	building	establishing	constructing	performing
the rice plants in the strain can be bred to other rice strains or cultivars , and if desirable plants are produced , these are further bred to stabilize the desirable traits ; the stabilized plants that can be propagated and `` come true '' are given a cultivar name and released into production to be used by farmers .	bred	born	sold	fed	grown	referred	raised	cultivated	related	developed	matched
due to their fast growth , the foremost benefit of these trees is their wood .	foremost	chief	first	main	biggest	highest	premier	largest	second	sole	chiefly
its status as an official geological period was ratified in 2004 by the international union of geological sciences , making it the first new geological period declared in 120 years .	ratified	endorsed	confirmed	accepted	stipulated	secured	resolved	attained	received	notified	revoked
more specifically , the term stratus is used to describe flat , hazy , featureless clouds of low altitude varying in color from dark gray to nearly white . a `` cloudy day '' usually features a sky filled with stratus clouds obscuring the disk of the sun .	featureless	white	black	dark	opaque	thin	cloudy	whitish	cold	variable	blind
nuremberg was then an important and prosperous city , a center for publishing and many luxury trades .	prosperous	wealthy	flourishing	successful	affluent	thriving	lucrative	powerful	desirable	luxurious	booming
super mario 64 is also characterized by featuring more puzzles than earlier mario games .	puzzles	problems	characters	games	challenges	clues	pieces	vegetables	constraints	keys	portals
their escapades earned them a cover shot and a nude pictorial in a playboy spread .	pictorial	layout	visual	reproduction	miniature	manuscript	spiritual	silhouette	summary	revue	additive
in 1971 , she witnessed the impoverished conditions of the trash collectors in cairo , egypt , and decided to live among them .	witnessed	saw	observed	seen	noticed	demonstrated	experienced	heard	encountered	regarded	learnt
nearby there is the goobang national park , and peak hill which features an open cut mine that can be toured during holidays .	features	contains	has	includes	houses	is	hosts	showcases	boasts	displays	holds
good friday , also called holy friday , black friday , or great friday , is a holiday observed primarily by adherents to christianity commemorating the crucifixion of jesus and his death at calvary .	primarily	mainly	mostly	largely	predominantly	generally	chiefly	worldwide	usually	solely	prominently
as of , it lies at latitude 66 33 39 south of the equator .	lies	is	lay	lays	rests	sits	stands	exists	resides	lands	appears
along with herculaneum , its sister city , pompeii was destroyed , and completely buried , during a long catastrophic eruption of the volcano mount vesuvius spanning two days in 79 ad .	eruption	outbreak	explosion	outburst	episode	occurrence	earthquake	ascent	occupation	excavation	evacuation
human interference has nearly exterminated them in many areas , and , except for the beech forests of the austrian alps , forests of deciduous trees are rarely found .	rarely	never	often	seldom	usually	commonly	not	frequently	occasionally	sometimes	barely
nakm won , and yaxh was instructed to find a new campsite .	instructed	told	ordered	advised	directed	asked	commanded	dispatched	appointed	authorised	dispersed
the sheer weight of the continental icecap sitting on top of lake vostok is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration .	contribute	lead	add	help	cause	give	belong	provide	correspond	work	refer
the album peaked at number 10 on the u.s. billboard 200 chart , selling 48,397 copies in its first week of release ; it was eventually certified gold by the riaa in 2008 .	certified	recorded	awarded	registered	recognized	graded	accredited	ranked	stamped	proclaimed	platinum
the adjacent town of gzhatsk was renamed gagarin in 1968 in his honor .	adjacent	nearby	neighboring	surrounding	following	associated	located	entire	important	other	isolated
at backlash , benoit retained the world title , after he forced michaels to submit to the sharpshooter .	forced	caused	compelled	persuaded	ordered	required	obliged	made	induced	commanded	drove
during the first boer war , the city was besieged by republican forces in december 1880 and march 1881 .	besieged	attacked	siege	occupied	fortified	evacuated	encircled	conquered	sacked	bombed	looted
one of the defining aspects of the nintendo gamecube is the rejuvenated relationship between nintendo and its licensees . unlike previous generations in which nintendo was seen by some as bullying its third-party game developers , nintendo openly sought game-development aid on the nintendo gamecube .	rejuvenated	new	current	good	special	evolving	loving	close	deep	complex	respectful
none of your watched items were edited in the time period displayed .	edited	printed	included	incorporated	played	archived	deleted	altered	amplified	filtered	eroded
originally made for the apple ii , they were later ported to other platforms .	ported	adapted	exported	translated	transferred	migrated	copied	distributed	released	mapped	localized
his work is displayed in the museum of modern art in yerevan .	displayed	exhibited	found	shown	featured	showcased	located	depicted	held	stored	demonstrated
he was a prolific discoverer of asteroids , discovering 122 in all , from 136 austria in 1874 to 1073 gellivara in 1923 .	discovering	finding	identifying	studying	locating	numbering	detecting	revealing	measuring	noticing	pioneering
males usually weigh about 500 lbs , but very large & old specimens can reach up to 2000 lbs .	specimens	fossils	ones	animals	examples	organisms	lizards	strains	trunks	buds	doses
it was used to signify those who appreciated austen in the `` wrong '' way and the term , according to lynch , is `` now used almost exclusively about and against other people '' .	signify	indicate	denote	represent	name	mark	identify	designate	address	distinguish	label
a committee of the institute appoints the laureates for the nobel prize in physiology or medicine .	laureates	nominees	winners	candidates	recipients	judges	prizes	trustees	finalists	holders	substitutes
montgomery county of the u.s. state of maryland is situated just north of washington , d.c. and southwest of baltimore .	situated	located	found	positioned	based	seated	centred	pronounced	nowadays	stationed	lodged
this spelling was later corrupted to ouisconsin by other french explorers , and over time this version became the french name for both the wisconsin river and the surrounding lands .	version	name	form	word	variant	one	variation	title	portion	it	mix
several people required rescue assistance , and in comal county a car accident caused three fatalities .	caused	had	produced	made	killed	gave	left	formed	influenced	reached	generated
schigolch removes the body while geschwitz contemplates suicide , an idea she gives up when she realizes that lulu will not be moved by it .	removes	leaves	separates	takes	destroys	protects	treats	receives	wraps	repairs	extracts
anti-tank dogs were dogs taught to carry explosives to tanks , armored vehicles and other military targets .	targets	objects	weapons	structures	objectives	purposes	obstacles	enemies	supplies	sectors	prizes
a historic organ was installed in it by the austrian firm rieger , in 1907 .	installed	mounted	located	built	constructed	housed	seated	inaugurated	erected	situated	planted
the birthday cake is traditionally highly decorated , and typically covered with lit candles when presented , the number of candles signifying the age of the celebrant .	traditionally	usually	typically	often	commonly	historically	normally	generally	most	formerly	structurally
he secured a top post at the vienna state opera in 1943 , eventually becoming music director .	secured	obtained	attained	earned	clinched	took	got	found	reached	received	booked
the family - mother , father , old woman , young man , baby , and dog - are attempting to eat pieces of metal , such as chains , bicycle handlebars , and rifles .	attempting	trying	struggling	preparing	seeking	appearing	pretending	failing	managing	proceeding	aspiring
in wales , four church of england dioceses were disestablished in 1920 , becoming separated from the church of england in the process and subsequently becoming the church in wales .	separated	isolated	segregated	independent	detached	united	divided	distinct	different	estranged	dissolved
in the 19th century and the first part of the 20th , baseball shoes were commonly black in color .	commonly	usually	often	generally	frequently	mostly	formerly	nearly	rarely	widely	popularly
hydrostatic equilibrium occurs when compression due to gravity is balanced by a pressure gradient which creates a pressure gradient force in the opposite direction .	compression	pressure	acceleration	deformation	absorption	relaxation	contraction	inflation	transport	stretch	lift
the true cross is the name for physical remnants which , by a christian tradition , are believed to be from the cross upon which jesus was crucified .	remnants	objects	structures	relics	items	things	bodies	goods	markings	specimens	artifacts
seafloor spreading occurs at mid-ocean ridges , where new oceanic crust is formed through volcanic activity and then gradually moves away from the ridge .	gradually	slowly	eventually	steadily	rapidly	quickly	progressively	finally	successively	systematically	continuously
in 1887 the school relocated to the east lake community of birmingham .	relocated	moved	returned	migrated	shifted	removed	located	reassigned	referred	departed	transitioned
some han chinese believe they share common ancestors , mythically ascribed to the patriarchs yellow emperor and yan emperor , some thousands of years ago .	mythically	variously	sometimes	usually	supposedly	later	strangely	commonly	falsely	wrongly	formerly
simms works alongside co-host and designer daniel kucan to redecorate a room of a home in just two days and with only $ 2,500 .	redecorate	design	decorate	change	transform	create	restore	rebuild	remake	complete	fill
pikachu is among the most recognizable pokmon , largely because a pikachu is a central character in the pokmon anime series . pikachu is widely considered the most popular pokmon , is regarded as the official mascot of the pokmon franchise , and has become an icon of japanese culture in recent years .	considered	regarded	known	deemed	called	recognized	named	among	titled	recorded	respected
harvey became a strong extratropical storm during the night on august 8 and survived another few days before dissipating northwest of the azores on august 14 .	survived	lived	stayed	lasted	endured	continued	persisted	preserved	went	existed	reached
in response to the weather system , the american national weather service issued wind watches for the oregon coast .	response	answer	addition	opposition	reaction	reference	reply	order	contrast	obedience	defense
it reached a peak position of number thirty-seven on the billboard hot modern rock tracks chart .	reached	attained	achieved	had	obtained	got	found	entered	made	peaked	finished
pskov is an ancient city located in the north-west of russia about east from the estonian border , on the velikaya river .	located	situated	found	residing	,	discovered	currently	founded	living	occurring	adjacent
the major scale may predominate the minor scale in western music because of its unique harmonic properties ; in particular the major third is much stronger in the harmonic series than the minor third .	particular	general	fact	this	such	which	addition	instance	example	order	consequence
so impressed was rostropovich with his young pupil that at the end of her study with him , he declared her `` the only cellist of the younger generation that could equal and overtake own achievement . ''	declared	called	deemed	considered	proclaimed	named	announced	found	pronounced	regarded	labeled
the marriage was marked from the outset by sexual passion and emotional insensitivity when tolstoy , on the eve of their marriage , gave her his diaries detailing his extensive sexual past and the fact that one of the serfs on his estate had borne him a son .	outset	beginning	start	first	onset	inception	earliest	commencement	foundations	infancy	embryo
born as alfons karg , he was trained as a telecommunications technician , but soon became disenchanted with this profession .	profession	occupation	career	business	trade	practice	discipline	department	qualification	corporation	ministry
some features , however , are reminiscent of the scout movement .	reminiscent	characteristic	typical	distinctive	indicative	influenced	derivative	certain	mimic	recognizable	noticeable
the shinto pantheon alone consists of an uncountable number of kami .	consists	includes	comprises	composed	is	boasts	speaks	exists	represents	remains	amounts
this message earned saddam a great deal of popularity in many sectors of the arab world .	sectors	areas	parts	segments	quarters	districts	categories	tracts	reaches	subdivisions	strands
suddenly there was a scattering of fire , which three outfielders caught the brunt ; the centerfield was hit and was captured , left and right field managed to get back to our lines .	managed	tried	survived	began	succeeded	struggled	started	scrambled	happened	jumped	proceeded
`` c158 ( cf ex r145 ) `` the provincial in councilor the superior ofthe delegation in councilsets the financial competency of local superiorsand their councilsand determines which assets can be managed by individualoblates and by local superiors and their councils .	managed	used	owned	held	kept	controlled	retained	treated	sold	administered	preserved
business development manager strategic alliances this individual will be responsible for coordinating , negotiating , launching , and managing accuity 's partner relationships .	managing	promoting	maintaining	running	controlling	representing	administering	governing	regulating	forming	preserving
a married woman retains ownership of any property she brought to the marriage , but the husband has the right to manage the property and to enjoy profits from the property .	manage	use	keep	maintain	control	govern	administer	oversee	monitor	treat	function
we do not need to ask for your specific permission to do these things , as explained below : treatment partners health care providers will use and share your health information to provide and manage your health care and related services .	manage	maintain	monitor	promote	coordinate	control	administer	oversee	implement	facilitate	treat
according to a white house press release , al-taqwa and its affiliates `` raise , manage , invest , and distribute funds for al-qaeda ; provide terrorist supporters with internet service and secure telephone communications ; and arrange for the shipment of weapons .	manage	coordinate	organize	administer	oversee	monitor	own	control	supervise	govern	edit
that is , if the average person ( say this is 98 % of people ) amasses 10 things , if i manage to acquire 20 things then perhaps my account is not worth twice as much but maybe 10x or 100x as much as average .	manage	get	try	attempt	want	fail	happen	succeed	seem	proceed	occur
there are different types of managed care systems .	managed	health	helped	human	supervised	maintained	ordered	basic	organised	treated	monitored
saddam hussein did n't manage to defeat the iranians .	manage	able	attempt	seem	appear	succeed	achieve	get	happen	proceed	occur
the m107 program is managed by the project manager soldier weapons with engineering support provided by picatinny 's armament research , development and engineering center .	managed	administered	controlled	coordinated	directed	maintained	steered	headed	supervised	treated	monitored
rubinstein held the gambit pawn with 4.bf4 and 7.qd5 , but his neglect of kingside development was severely punished .	severely	greatly	harshly	heavily	often	badly	strongly	highly	profoundly	deeply	seriously
this veteran , the oldest pensioner in great britain , entered the army in 1758 , and was severely wounded at the battle of quebec under general wolfe , in consequence of which he became an out-pensioner of chelsea hospital , and continued so for the period of seventy-five years .	severely	badly	greatly	seriously	heavily	mortally	deeply	fatally	profoundly	extensively	permanently
perhaps the effect of west nile virus is sufficient to extinguish endemic birds already severely stressed by habitat losses .	severely	highly	heavily	strongly	greatly	deeply	profoundly	harshly	extensively	densely	moderately
she looked as severely as she could muster at draco .	severely	well	much	badly	bad	thoroughly	profoundly	long	strongly	completely	quickly
a day before he was due to return to the united states patton was severely injured in a road accident .	severely	badly	seriously	heavily	greatly	profoundly	permanently	moderately	deeply	extensively	substantially
use market tools to address environmental issues , such as eliminating subsidies for industries that severely harm the environment , like coal .	severely	greatly	significantly	seriously	profoundly	strongly	substantially	moderately	deeply	harshly	highly
this picture was severely damaged in the flood of 1913 and has rarely been seen until now .	severely	greatly	badly	moderately	profoundly	deeply	seriously	extensively	substantially	strongly	structurally
i was very disappointed when the author did not go into detail about how he regained his faith after having it severely undermined by his early studies in theology at university .	severely	greatly	badly	completely	harshly	drastically	seriously	profoundly	markedly	strongly	moderately
we do continue to support research on the differentiation of adult precursor cells into beta cells , but that 's a severely limited field in terms of how successful it has been .	severely	greatly	very	highly	horribly	drastically	profoundly	completely	notably	most	densely
mutual funds are so severely conflicted that they will not avail themselves of the alleged benefits of the proposed rule .	severely	highly	deeply	greatly	profoundly	completely	strongly	seriously	horribly	thoroughly	harshly
however , the examination will be detailed if the applicant expressly requests it ( for example , at the same time as filing the demand ) , or if the applicant files amendments and/or arguments ( for example , in response to the international search report , with the demand or in response to a written opinion ; see below ) .	examination	test	evaluation	study	question	qualification	inspection	it	event	certificate	error
from the previous examination last week the auto-immune deficiency could also be excluded .	examination	evaluation	diagnosis	appointment	inspection	assessment	event	investigation	edition	disease	one
readers will appreciate this well-researched examination .	examination	evaluation	programme	edition	section	question	event	title	qualification	inspection	image
as well , he will continue his examination of the transatlantic connections that fuelled the slave trade .	examination	investigation	study	analysis	evaluation	inspection	assessment	identification	exploration	reading	illumination
the us ranks 37th in a world health organization examination of the world 's health care systems .	examination	study	assessment	review	evaluation	inspection	analysis	audit	investigation	index	inventory
40 among studies that found differences in procedure use in sex-discordant pairings , these differences have been seen largely in sex-specific services such as mammography screening , 25 , 35 , 39 prostate examination , 39 and pelvic examination or papanicolaou smear testing , 25 , 35 , 39 selected procedures that may have produced differences in use rates because of their sex-specific nature .	examination	study	inspection	image	evaluation	index	address	investigation	appointment	event	elevation
the photograph on the surface does not show a conflict or an irony , but with close examination , the punctum -the element which stands out and punctures the stadium -becomes apparent .	examination	inspection	investigation	study	observation	scrutiny	analysis	evaluation	reflection	exposure	illumination
examination questions , 1961-1965 examination questions , ca 1961-1965 , 30 cm ( c.1 , c.21 ) examination question papers for various courses arranged alphabetically by subject and session .	examination	educational	evaluation	study	inspection	entrance	entry	assessment	preliminary	programme	qualification
examination leave also includes the mornings of days in which examinations are held in the afternoon as well as the time spent travelling to and from the examination centre .	examination	study	event	evaluation	student	educational	undergraduate	inspection	education	entrance	entry
i was given cardiovascular tests , including treadmill stress tests and ultrasound examinations of my heart , but apparently , things were n't bad enough that i was singled out for consultation .	examinations	recordings	assessments	investigations	analyses	alterations	inspections	scans	indices	defences	indications
galls indeed arise from the stinging of the plant tissues by the ovipositors of female gall wasps , and the egg laid in the plant tissues develops inside the gall into a grub , which eventually emerges full-grown and transformed into a mature gall wasp .	gall	glass	worm	thorn	parasitic	frost	club	gem	serpent	labyrinth	orchid
these include laparoscopic gall bladder surgery and reflux disease surgery , non-cardiac thoracoscopic chest surgery , and certain cardiotomy procedures such as mitral valve repair .	gall	glass	hard	yellow	renal	-	green	bile	gut	bad	gran
`` ( adams , pp.196-9 ) what arrogance and gall it took to write those words and demand that they be spoken by native tongues .	gall	greed	wit	nerve	haste	deception	guts	corruption	sting	will	venom
in the case of my gall bladder removal , i was out the next day .	gall	glass	kidney	test	goat	hard	hind	renal	rubber	fiber	sin
even galls that formed on their trunks were eaten .	galls	they	worms	balls	spines	snakes	insects	ones	tumors	lizards	spirits
come to my woman 's breasts , and take my milk for gall , you murdering ministers , wherever in your sightless substances you wait on nature 's mischief !	gall	it	him	you	breakfast	yourself	this	use	warmth	flour	paste
and the morans have the gall to ruin beethoven 's 6th in the process , too .	gall	right	shame	power	will	fortune	grit	charm	fire	worm	sin
galls indeed arise from the stinging of the plant tissues by the ovipositors of female gall wasps , and the egg laid in the plant tissues develops inside the gall into a grub , which eventually emerges full-grown and transformed into a mature gall wasp .	galls	these	they	lesions	insects	them	it	rocks	spines	those	tumors
in boston magazine 's glowing blurb on via matta , it had the extraordinary gall to say this : `` via matta has unquestionably found its niche with boston 's it crowd .	gall	ability	courage	power	strength	fortune	right	distinction	merit	wit	charm
`` what is the world to do in the face of these grim predictions ?	grim	dire	great	dark	sinister	bad	secret	gloom	ill	slim	doom
`` he too can only watch in deepening despair as the grim work proceeds . '' looks more like resignation to me , but audiovision is not interested in letting us make up our own minds . `` finally , the military police carry the crates away for disposal . '' no , they just take them away .	grim	bad	sinister	hard	evil	bloody	black	unpleasant	dark	main	unhappy
i 'd rather go face down , fast , in a plate of chili at 76 than suffer the grim attenuations of mental decay and wander off this mortal plane at 78 .	grim	great	dark	dire	sinister	deadly	lethal	ill	grand	narrow	gloom
vincent van gogh in 1880 was a 27-year-old failure : a despised and rejected clergyman in a grim backwater mining town in belgium .	grim	bleak	deadly	sinister	miserable	black	gloom	dim	dire	shitty	convict
hoarding and saving react with grim vengeance .	grim	great	sinister	a	deadly	grand	dire	secret	greater	ill	ill
`` once that grim reality had sunk in , kubrick 's response was an extraordinary tribute to sellers as an actor : `` we ca n't replace him with another actor , we 've got to get an authentic character from life , someone whose acting career is secondary-a real-life cowboy .	grim	dire	dreadful	bleak	sinister	awful	hideous	deadly	black	gloom	convict
their trip had been a grim struggle with wet pitches , friable rock and bad bolts : they had reached the 1979 limit , but failed to go further .	grim	great	bloody	cold	hard	narrow	gloom	sinister	deadly	dire	gas
i 'm concerned that they 're so grim and angry .	grim	stern	unhappy	serious	sinister	bent	gloom	hard	glad	black	hunched
`` that 's lawrence kaplan ' s grim verdict from baghdad .	grim	ill	bad	slim	dire	sinister	bleak	mad	glad	gloom	gloom
it started out looking pretty grim but we had pretty good rainfall in april and may .	grim	bad	bleak	cold	ill	sinister	negative	shitty	gloom	deadly	blank
due to china 's economic reliance on trade , balance of payments should be the main factor for judging whether the yuan exchange rate is reasonable .	reasonable	acceptable	unreasonable	satisfactory	valid	rational	suitable	respectable	feasible	plausible	justified
copyright law already addressed the issue in a much more reasonable manner .	reasonable	sensible	favorable	suitable	rational	acceptable	satisfactory	plausible	favourable	adequate	restrictive
`` what we require now is the co-operation from the federal government to provide a flow of mortgage money through cmhc at reasonable interest rates and to encourage the conventional loans to be channelled into smaller units so that we may have the opportunity of the best housing and building programme in canada in 1971 .	reasonable	suitable	respectable	moderate	certain	modest	favorable	decent	sensible	favourable	satisfactory
for reasonable people , sure that 'll suffice .	reasonable	sensible	common	good	sane	rational	important	respectable	honest	human	competent
your objective should be to negotiate a contract type and price ( or estimated fee and cost ) that will result in reasonable contractor risk and provide the contractor with the greatest incentive for efficient and economical contract performance .	reasonable	minimal	sensible	adequate	acceptable	substantial	suitable	favourable	rational	common	respectable
and if no exact & safe equilibrium can be introduced , it is more reasonable that a preponderating weight shd . be allowed to the greater interest than to the lesser .	reasonable	likely	plausible	sensible	desirable	necessary	acceptable	suitable	respectable	credible	satisfactory
besides overseeing the operation of pipeda and dealing with complaints , i can conduct audits into organizations ' personal information-handling practices , if we have reasonable grounds .	reasonable	good	valid	suitable	sufficient	certain	specific	the	lawful	some	similar
the matter of the further evidence may then be heard when the other party has had reasonable opportunity to prepare submissions on the matter .	reasonable	the	sufficient	adequate	good	an	some	sensible	ample	substantial	legitimate
this will allow state-licensed health-care providers to utilize safe , non-fda approved , alternative therapies that have a reasonable expectation of therapeutic gain if the patient has been fully informed about the treatment .	reasonable	good	valid	firm	substantial	certain	modest	legitimate	favorable	plausible	decent
( 2 ) in a civil action under subsection ( a ) of this section , the court , in its discretion , may allow the prevailing party , other than the united states , a reasonable attorney 's fee and costs .	reasonable	good	certain	modest	common	small	respectable	greater	minimal	lawful	valid
it is relatively simple to find lenses which will maintain reasonably good central resolution the central resolution , but thus far , i have not been able to achieve an edge resolution better than about 0.1 mm with `` off the shelf `` lenses .	thus	so	by	hence	however	thereby	while	since	consequently	this	negatively
the calculation is based on the loan 's original principal , so fellows who are not recent graduates , and thus have been making loan payments , are treated the same as new graduates .	thus	who	consequently	that	therefore	thereby	hence	so	have	since	accordingly
thus for example , ophthalmologists will need to know in a given population how many people of a particular age group and/or sex will suffer a retina detachment in the course of a year .	thus	so	then	hence	while	now	consequently	whereas	similarly	since	negatively
although he 's pitched 200 innings for the first time since mike had a girlfriend ( 200 innings being 6 more than any met has pitched this season thus far ) , pedro has , again , seemed annoyingly off-balance lately .	thus	so	hence	thereby	while	although	consequently	since	negatively	however	formerly
grey 's reformist doctrines can thus be seen , not as an attempt to set out on the road to democracy , but as a means to strengthen the power of his own class , the aristocracy .	thus	then	therefore	simply	hence	however	so	also	thereby	accordingly	similarly
a clear imperative thus confronts american progressives -- that intricate ( and frequently fragile ) web of communities comprised of people of color , feminists , gays and lesbians , the poor and working class , as well as ethnic whites who value ethnicity , indeed all who have been systematically disenfrancised and dehumanized under the once ascendant `` traditional values `` of pre-civil rights america .	thus	then	thereby	however	consequently	notably	briefly	while	meanwhile	similarly	accordingly
we struggle to think of any other minority group in society who would be so easily and conveniently stereotyped and are saddened that law abiding , genuine football supporters of both sexes , all ages and backgrounds who want to stand are thus thought of and portrayed as would be hooligans merely because they prefer to stand .	thus	consequently	so	hence	also	thereby	similarly	frequently	currently	accordingly	negatively
the kind of control he exercises is thus likely to be limited to `` passive `` control such as inspection of produced goods and testing to insure that quality standards are being met .	thus	therefore	so	consequently	not	thereby	however	most	hence	accordingly	similarly
thus they can connect with `` who found them `` .	thus	so	then	consequently	hence	therefore	subsequently	thereby	finally	similarly	accordingly
the experiment also helps us in understanding the language of dreams , and thus begins the process of interpretation .	thus	so	hence	thereby	therefore	then	consequently	this	subsequently	accordingly	similarly
going to court : civil trial procedure this pamphlet explains what happens when you go to court about civil cases involving negligence or damages .	civil	fair	common	human	new	legal	current	public	cold	complex	class
with all due respect to our civil authorities and lawmakers , we are called to testify by word and action , to the essential truths of our faith .	civil	public	legal	human	government	judicial	governing	federal	secular	current	social
it is contrary to the spirit of civil law , and to the natural working of economic law .	civil	business	economic	federal	human	common	tax	trade	social	economy	secular
yes , we occasionally get into some heated discussions here , and the language can get a bit colorful at times , but in general , the posters are relatively civil and well-behaved .	civil	human	polite	regular	mild	social	humane	neutral	sympathetic	neat	warm
lionel , singapore lebanon has overcome all adversities in the past , ranging from civil wars to israeli invasion .	civil	government	domestic	national	human	republic	public	revolutionary	military	guerrilla	chaos
this means combating corruption , building strong and accountable public sectors which have the necessary staff to deliver vital services , and ensuring that parliaments , civil society , and the media can monitor public spending and act as watchdogs against corruption .	civil	public	human	the	social	common	new	open	fair	popular	governing
truly classy people find a way to be polite , civil and courteous .	civil	human	legal	humane	legitimate	neutral	polite	fair	lawful	convenient	neat
not just another period piece on germany 's disturbing past , this film should have deep resonance for today 's movie fans who are concerned about civil and human rights .	civil	human	legal	social	public	secular	federal	fair	substantive	frank	plural
spontaneous gestures are a pie in the face of civil society .	civil	human	public	military	modern	social	secular	government	political	legal	polite
since civil discourse in our country is increasingly lacking , and the word insanity in this context implies a lack of such civility , how can that be a good thing for anybody or the mark of a great president ? eh , one episode , wha-evuh .	civil	public	human	government	legal	polite	social	secular	modern	open	humane
the pulses were either short or long , representing the dots and dashes of morse code .	pulses	signals	beats	flashes	tones	spikes	sounds	digits	patches	stimuli	addresses
the river has always been the pulse of the town , although the reasons have changed slightly over the years .	pulse	heart	spirit	essence	heartbeat	life	pace	beat	tonic	savior	spire
non alcohol related questions & answers q. i take a fair amount of exercise on a training machine , and my pulse is 110 at the end of the session .	pulse	rate	heart	heartbeat	beat	body	wrist	bp	headache	jerk	percussion
most of the time , it lies hidden beneath the noise and confusion of our everyday lives , a quiet pulse that almost unconsciously drives us forward to this day and the next .	pulse	rhythm	consciousness	heartbeat	beat	heart	surge	spark	throbbing	void	illumination
on examination the knee was found to be swollen , and distal limb pulses were absent .	pulses	spikes	signals	veins	beats	chambers	spurs	rings	taps	presentations	indications
sustained bass notes and ambient pulses keep things gently swirling .	pulses	percussion	beats	sounds	rhythms	synthesizers	spikes	themes	patches	shocks	mixes
prevalence of different agro-ecological tracts has made it possible to grow a multitude of over 60 crops ranging from typical tropical ones to moderate temperate varieties including cereals such as rice , wheat . maize , millet , beans , pulses and oilseeds : industrial crops such as cotton , jute , rubber , sugar cane , toddy palm , tobacco and spices , and many others both edible and non-edible .	pulses	grains	vegetables	peas	roots	percussion	peanuts	beans	pods	hips	staples
it 's also present in adequate quantities in dairy products , eggs and nuts , as well as in combinations of foods such as pulses and grains .	pulses	grains	vegetables	beans	peas	preparations	spikes	pods	patches	staples	subsidies
but he could feel the whale was sensing him with sound pulses .	pulses	signals	beats	currents	rhythms	waves	spikes	strains	breaths	shocks	taps
she drank a great deal of coffee and had a rapid , thin pulse .	pulse	rhythm	beat	heart	heartbeat	wrist	vein	surge	tonic	indication	prompt
go `` he leaves and she sits down in the chair , looks over the figures and mutters softly to herself as she reaches for the mouse .	softly	quietly	gently	faintly	lightly	loudly	slowly	briefly	silently	deeply	steadily
the best small cars ride smoothly , even over uneven road surfaces , but are not so softly sprung that they wallow when turning , braking or accelerating .	softly	quietly	gently	easily	lightly	faintly	nearly	rarely	closely	subtly	loudly
it was falling on every part of the dark central plain , on the treeless hills , falling softly upon the bog of allen and , farther westward , softly falling into the dark mutinous shannon waves .	softly	gently	quietly	lightly	slowly	steadily	faintly	nearly	briefly	gradually	low
it should not be that a son should remember his father for having tapped the table after a meal ... smiling softly , he touched his knuckles to his lips .	softly	gently	quietly	slightly	faintly	warmly	widely	tenderly	lightly	deeply	briefly
finally she smiled softly and told him , `` as a matter of fact i did .	softly	gently	faintly	widely	warmly	weakly	broadly	again	briefly	deeply	brightly
the wood was softly polished , the bronze had a beautiful green	softly	gently	lightly	quietly	slightly	subtly	deeply	faintly	nearly	warmly	closely
that day , said the father softly with tears now rolling down his face , the boys from both teams helped bring a piece of true love and humanity into this world .	softly	quietly	gently	,	suddenly	briefly	faintly	slowly	deeply	faint	silently
and , hissing softly with the voice of fire , and brightening to a wrathful , terrible gold , the demon leapt forward to do battle with the beast , even as it had promised me , in return for its freedom after cycles of captivity .	softly	gently	quietly	faintly	briefly	lightly	steadily	slightly	warmly	easily	subtly
nia steps beside rafe , her hands gripping softly on the straps of her backpack .	softly	gently	quietly	hard	firmly	briefly	tightly	lightly	strongly	warmly	subtly
in the front seat stel and dominic are chuckling softly at us and dominic slides in a tape of sky-noise .	softly	gently	quietly	hard	lightly	warmly	loudly	briefly	deeply	heavily	faintly
if we divide any number by 4 , we would get 1 or 2 or 3 , as the remainders .	remainders	numbers	integers	divisions	reductions	losses	additions	contributions	gaps	finals	finals
only one third of the young people questioned said that they had recently had a satiating meal . , the remainder could not remember when they last had one .	remainder	rest	majority	minority	youngest	latter	subset	portion	fraction	multitude	plurality
the majority of subjects , 90 percent , came from the metropolitan seattle area , with the remainder coming from across the united states .	remainder	rest	majority	latter	others	minority	following	other	fraction	plurality	surplus
humor books , which are ephemeral , and appeal to a narrow audience , often go out of print quickly ; they are especially likely to turn up at remainder houses or remainder tables in bookstores .	remainder	rest	disposition	amusement	provision	portion	minority	faulty	terminus	deficiency	concourse
the remainder of the soup list evokes eastern europe , comprising soljanka , a ruddy vegetable-based soup containing a significant fraction of some unfortunate animal ( $ 4.50 ) and a sweetish roasted beet soup ( $ 4 ) .	remainder	rest	portion	majority	bulk	entirety	latter	disposition	conclusion	minority	surplus
however , with only .14 of an inch falling the remainder of the month , this left only 2.86 for the month , or .69 of an inch below normal .	remainder	rest	majority	entirety	latter	duration	portion	minority	conclusion	disposition	reissue
jimfurtado - this thread is the sum of a remainder of an unbalanced equation inherent to the programming of the primate .	remainder	fraction	reduction	consequence	surplus	successor	resultant	multitude	reproduction	descendant	deficiency
of course a whole number can be negative and we have to agree what we mean by the remainder in this case ; for example , what is the remainder of -12 when we divide it by 10 ?	remainder	latter	reduction	fraction	multitude	disposition	progression	reproduction	converse	resultant	likeness
cost : $ 1,990.00 for the eleven day trip , ( payable with a non- refundable deposit of $ 500 by july 31 , 2001 and the remainder by september 1 , 2001 ) .	remainder	rest	latter	majority	duration	minority	percentage	disposition	substantive	fraction	variant
if there is one child then the first $ 20,000 would go to the widow or widower and the remainder would be divided equally , half to the child and half to the widow .	remainder	rest	latter	portion	majority	surplus	minority	subsequent	fraction	subsequently	deficiency
the rapid disintegration of apparently strong and united countries , and the bitter internal conflicts which usually followed , has made a real impact in rangoon .	apparently	the	these	all	formerly	those	supposedly	most	usually	both	mostly
for example in 1794 a man called isaac rooke was found apparently dead in a close near nottingham .	apparently	supposedly	seemingly	suddenly	almost	obviously	presumably	reportedly	mostly	oddly	unusually
moreover , play seems not only inefficient because of its vigor ; it seems to be sometimes downright dangerous , exposing the organism to apparently unnecessary risks .	apparently	seemingly	evidently	supposedly	obviously	presumably	mostly	somehow	allegedly	suddenly	oddly
however , this apparently crushing blow early in a promising career took a strange twist .	apparently	seemingly	supposedly	evidently	obviously	strangely	suddenly	unexpectedly	allegedly	somehow	oddly
the rest of the world is apparently not doing too differently or even better , whatever the latter may mean in consequence .	apparently	obviously	evidently	supposedly	presumably	reportedly	seemingly	clearly	suddenly	however	systematically
the chilling conclusion is that apparently fairly modest changes in initial conditions can produce huge differences in the final outcome .	apparently	seemingly	supposedly	evidently	somehow	surprisingly	suddenly	however	strangely	oddly	obviously
`` the system apparently requires nothing more than an internet connection and a web browser to use -- no software or hardware required .	apparently	obviously	supposedly	evidently	reportedly	clearly	seemingly	basically	somehow	suddenly	strangely
the world has been apparently powerless to do anything about it .	apparently	suddenly	reportedly	found	unusually	discovered	seemingly	strangely	supposedly	officially	systematically
in those twenty years , the national highway traffic safety administration has apparently never deemed the location of the malibu 's fuel system to be a problem .	apparently	evidently	reportedly	however	somehow	supposedly	seemingly	presumably	obviously	strangely	surprisingly
apparently you had to write in to the show requesting tickets at least 9 months in advance .	apparently	then	originally	supposedly	formerly	obviously	however	presumably	finally	lastly	somehow
finno-ugrian languages , in the widest sense of the word , share a few core vocabulary items , though when critically examined , the number of satisfactory etymologies appears smaller than was thought earlier ( janhunen 1981 ; sammallahti 1988 ) .	earlier	before	later	previously	of	originally	initially	otherwise	important	original	established
if you wish to collect your robes earlier you should contact the above number to arrange collection .	earlier	later	,	first	before	then	today	now	above	originally	previously
it is possible that if he had gone earlier he may have recovered .	earlier	later	before	late	longer	sooner	today	quicker	previously	better	older
finding it earlier would have saved me lots of time and made it easier to work with my architect .	earlier	later	before	after	now	originally	previously	original	today	sooner	older
i came to this realization later than some older and more perceptive scientists , but , even so , earlier than many others .	earlier	later	longer	late	before	older	sooner	higher	greater	quicker	originally
many countries have changed policies to allow investments that earlier might have been prohibited or been otherwise difficult .	earlier	once	later	previously	originally	also	initially	formerly	longer	already	often
earlier , during world war i , hitler was an isolated human being , scorned for his strange pathetic ramblings .	earlier	later	previously	however	also	originally	initially	longer	previous	formerly	older
i mentioned that i would be seeing this new dr regarding counselling and psychology , jan thinks it is a good idea and it would probably help me , as i 'd missed out earlier .	earlier	before	later	previously	already	again	once	originally	elsewhere	today	often
the key to public choice , as you said earlier , is common sense .	earlier	before	later	previously	yesterday	today	again	once	now	originally	above
we have measures in place to keep it that way , `` spokeswoman maeve o'beirne said . [ the key point is whether the us should have acted a week earlier given the fact that france had imported 20,000 sheep from the uk during the critical period .	earlier	later	before	after	sooner	ago	beforehand	longer	previously	older	quicker
do not be swayed by herd constraints -- know that you are working on another level entirely from the rest of the world .	entirely	altogether	completely	even	all	different	also	exactly	exclusively	straight	overall
the prohibitive cost of heroin in alice springs is keeping the drug off the streets but not entirely out of the town .	entirely	completely	quite	altogether	all	almost	exactly	officially	mostly	appearing	overall
if you link to any such websites you will leave the business essentials website and do so entirely at your own risk .	entirely	all	only	completely	largely	mostly	almost	wholly	also	strictly	exclusively
usually , these test questions are based entirely on the material covered in the text .	entirely	completely	mostly	only	exclusively	solely	wholly	mainly	all	strictly	totally
here are some of the principal sources for evidence in inductive arguments : 1 . in essays on literature , the evidence comes almost entirely from the text of the work you are evaluating , that is , from the words on the page .	entirely	completely	exclusively	all	always	wholly	mostly	totally	exactly	equally	invariably
both schemes are funded entirely from general revenue and non-contributory .	entirely	completely	only	mostly	solely	mainly	wholly	exclusively	all	totally	altogether
still , even against all odds , they have decided to put hope entirely on what they see as a fresh start .	entirely	mostly	only	completely	largely	all	almost	altogether	mainly	equally	exclusively
note that the expression reads in the file entirely in one go .	entirely	all	almost	only	completely	mostly	,	exclusively	mainly	always	overall
their involvement depends entirely on what the individual wants .	entirely	completely	only	mostly	totally	all	wholly	almost	exclusively	solely	mainly
avoid cliches too - words and phrases that are so frequently used that they are entirely predictable and emptied of any interesting content .	entirely	completely	almost	not	all	largely	wholly	mostly	perfectly	utterly	altogether
according to this liberal approach , capital is a source of powe r that should be used by capitalists , just as political power should be used by politicians , for the benefit of society .	liberal	new	radical	progressive	leftist	basic	broad	modern	moderate	left	loose
i have heard educated , liberal women talking about how long to wait before calling a man back , or whether the date should be in her neighbourh ood , or how long to wait until sleeping with him , as if there is some secret formula , some mathematical principle to romantic happiness that she has yet to divine .	liberal	modern	wealthy	rich	respectable	married	aristocratic	educated	prosperous	older	unmarried
the show was a liberal smattering of silly voices , awful puns , and mildly smutty humour , and was totally anarchic , with the audience controlling most of the show in later series .	liberal	large	general	vast	dry	greater	mild	mixed	nasty	moist	generous
she is a product of a tremendously unorthodox family with liberal views toward sex , marriage , religion and child-rearing .	liberal	progressive	radical	conservative	leftist	moderate	secular	broad	favorable	loyalist	plural
a guide for the scientific novice - concepts are clearly explained with liberal use of careful definitions and analogy .	liberal	the	generous	careful	loving	prominent	a	extensive	some	wide	substantial
municipal housing schemes with liberal aid from the central government will be encouraged for those who do not wish to establish their own houses .	liberal	financial	generous	new	basic	some	favorable	limited	regulatory	moderate	substantial
we 're both in our early thirties , both grew up in the suburbs of east coast us cities , raised by liberal parents who pushed us towards soccer , the progressive , globalized , nonviolent sport of choice for seventies and eighties us parents .	liberal	conservative	leftist	progressive	radical	young	democratic	the	moderate	political	youthful
patients should limit exposure to the sun and use liberal amounts of sunscreen .	liberal	moderate	generous	large	mild	limited	modest	varying	various	substantial	favorable
the potatoes were remarkable ... they did n't look like much , but were cooked with herbs and a liberal sprinkling of pepper that made me wish for more after my plate had been cleaned .	liberal	generous	large	fair	mild	small	substantial	moderate	modest	slight	moist
this decision , by liberal judges no less , is so blatantly at odds with the intention of private ownership and the constitution that it makes me , a lifelong democrat , extremely suspicious of what is going on in that court .	liberal	the	leftist	progressive	some	those	democratic	these	all	radical	moderate
1co 7:22 for he who was called in the lord while a slave , is the lord 's freedman ; likewise he who was called while free , is christ 's slave .	likewise	also	and	thus	for	but	similarly	then	however	while	though
the minister and his wife were likewise ill-treated , but they steadfastly refused to betray the hiding-place wherein they had disposed the valuable honours .	likewise	also	indeed	similarly	thus	formerly	accordingly	decidedly	notably	strangely	uniquely
the other could likewise be a constellation of some type , an animal or a map .	likewise	also	however	simply	similarly	thus	though	presumably	then	conversely	accordingly
in this sense of the word , faith is the essential virtue of science , and likewise of any religion that is not self-deception .	likewise	also	thus	thereby	similarly	consequently	hence	accordingly	presumably	thereafter	conversely
maybe a journalist 's privilege should likewise be limited .	likewise	also	not	simply	similarly	instead	originally	additionally	accordingly	conversely	coincidentally
the canal project would likewise have a high impact , reversing these trends .	likewise	also	thus	however	then	indeed	similarly	presumably	conversely	coincidentally	accordingly
the cost of providing easy to use access systems is likewise a consideration .	likewise	also	thus	however	then	similarly	again	accordingly	itself	conversely	elsewhere
we are also reminding the member states that they should do likewise .	likewise	so	similarly	thus	indeed	well	accordingly	commonly	collectively	conversely	similar
collective penalties and likewise all measures of intimidation or of terrorism are prohibited .	likewise	thus	similarly	commonly	conversely	notably	accordingly	thereafter	formerly	presumably	coincidentally
there are many false beliefs about two-stroke oils and some say that cheap oils do not mix with the expensive stuff and likewise with synthetic and mineral oils .	likewise	thus	also	similarly	conversely	not	thereby	presumably	accordingly	compare	differ
however , fine ceramics from iran , china , and possibly yemen , were imported and these enable us to date the occupation .	possibly	later	sometimes	probably	perhaps	presumably	the	subsequently	potentially	southern	formerly
but , what is there of value that satan could possibly hope to win from jesus ?	possibly	ever	potentially	not	probably	reasonably	theoretically	remotely	seriously	allegedly	subsequently
bloggers , who sometimes think of themselves as the current big thing of the internet , wondered how this could possibly be .	possibly	not	potentially	ever	be	really	actually	reasonably	seemingly	remotely	subsequently
( 22 ) general dwight d. eisenhower letter to george patton ( 29th april 1944 ) i have warned you time and again against your impulsiveness and have flatly instructed you to say nothing that could possibly be misinterpreted .	possibly	potentially	not	ever	easily	probably	subsequently	could	seriously	remotely	allegedly
the whole organization is utterly impersonal ; it is hard , mechanical , inhuman , relentless , and must be so , and can not possibly be otherwise .	possibly	be	probably	ever	easily	currently	really	even	potentially	remotely	allegedly
on average , bud 's dodging with his 6 combat dice would generate 3 successes , bud will be definitely be shot at least once and would possibly end up getting shot twice .	possibly	likely	probably	not	potentially	still	later	might	eventually	maybe	definitely
possibly in the future i see the elimination of poverty , economic freedom , the repair of the ecosystem , the elimination of war ... all possibilities .	possibly	but	perhaps	however	although	well	not	potentially	presumably	certain	various
yet if you are a seasoned webmaster this website system gives you everything you could possibly want , and saves you time in your busy day !	possibly	potentially	ever	theoretically	reasonably	easily	practically	subsequently	currently	normally	allegedly
he was born at arles in present day southern france and possibly raised as a christian .	possibly	probably	was	presumably	perhaps	later	subsequently	been	thus	maybe	variously
although immunizations may be uncomfortable for your child and for you as a parent , it is one of the best ways to prevent your child from getting a contagious and possibly dangerous disease .	possibly	potentially	probably	sometimes	not	perhaps	often	very	maybe	occasionally	globally
the only detectable effect was psychological stress during and shortly after the accident .	shortly	soon	immediately	briefly	long	quickly	promptly	closely	widely	narrowly	nearby
performance test for a system coupled with a locally manufactured station engine model mwm will start shortly .	shortly	soon	quickly	later	eventually	briefly	promptly	frequently	subsequently	momentarily	presently
the evidence of wallat was given very shortly .	shortly	briefly	quickly	soon	promptly	well	unexpectedly	frequently	suddenly	rapidly	abruptly
family members went to a neighbor 's house and called 911 shortly before 3:00 a.m. firefighters arrived within minutes to find the home fully involved .	shortly	well	soon	just	briefly	promptly	sometime	widely	simply	formerly	narrowly
shortly , he closed his book and raised his eyes upwards , acknowledging them all with a slight nod of the head .	shortly	then	soon	briefly	subsequently	eventually	thereafter	suddenly	presently	periodically	momentarily
go to hell ! she remembers paul yelling at her shortly after their wedding .	shortly	soon	immediately	briefly	promptly	sometime	particularly	widely	suddenly	simply	notably
they said to me that he spoke with those patient very shortly without any interest in the patient and many times , i had to say to him -- ' take care about those patients ' or something , you know .	shortly	briefly	frequently	quickly	often	late	commonly	quietly	promptly	rarely	simply
you shortly come upon grassingdon , a picturesque old village with lead mining heritage .	shortly	soon	have	briefly	eventually	quickly	rapidly	commonly	promptly	narrowly	widely
hannah will just keep spouting her pat answers . `` how about we all go to copperchino for coffee ? '' tyler suggested . `` we can talk there . '' `` can't , '' said becca shortly , as they reached the bike rack at the edge of the parking lot . `` today 's my mom 's staff meeting at the community center and i promised i 'd be home to watch alvaro . '' hannah nodded approvingly . `` jacie told me about the wonderful things your family is doing for that little alien boy .	shortly	briefly	abruptly	periodically	sharply	simply	strongly	narrowly	momentarily	benjamin	commonly
they were penned by libertarianz founder ian fraser shortly before he left act in disgust .	shortly	just	soon	well	briefly	long	immediately	,	promptly	simply	formerly
the different variables defining the optimal state can therefore be seen as intrinsic needs .	therefore	thus	also	however	hence	subsequently	consequently	actually	accordingly	alternatively	respectively
this is not a new phenomenon , but one inherent to capitalism itself and recognised by karl marx who pointed out that `` during its time of circulation capital does not perform the functions of productive capital and therefore produces neither commodities nor surplus-value '' 16 and , circulation proceeds in space and time .	therefore	thus	hence	consequently	so	subsequently	ultimately	nevertheless	accordingly	actually	economically
the terms therefore seek to preclude plaxo from complying with a request by an individual for alteration or deletion of their personal data .	therefore	thus	also	hence	nevertheless	accordingly	regarded	consequently	contained	subsequently	wrongly
psychologists are not doctors and therefore they can not prescribe medication .	therefore	thus	hence	so	consequently	also	accordingly	subsequently	however	conversely	\
labour market deregulation is therefore instrumental in boosting jobs and reducing unemployment .	therefore	thus	also	hence	so	very	often	however	consequently	accordingly	subsequently
you should therefore report the break-in to the police .	therefore	also	subsequently	thus	hence	however	consequently	nevertheless	promptly	accordingly	respectively
we therefore oppose the government 's proposals .	therefore	thus	hence	nevertheless	also	consequently	however	subsequently	evidently	wrongly	accordingly
this setting exists to prevent accidental 'panning ' on mouse downs that are intended for other actions ( and therefore , prevent unintended changing of the scaling into manual mode ) .	therefore	thus	hence	subsequently	so	accordingly	consequently	ultimately	nevertheless	also	moreover
you will therefore permit me to repeat , emphatically , that marley was as dead as a door-nail .	therefore	thus	subsequently	also	however	not	consequently	nevertheless	hence	accordingly	similarly
they should take note of darius ' admonitions. -- well i think this is ok because they 're part of your race and therefore part of your extended family .	therefore	thus	hence	also	consequently	subsequently	so	are	evidently	ultimately	accordingly
the same is true if you are using internet newspaper sites : some media outlets can be worthy sources of information and analysis and others are not .	worthy	important	useful	valuable	sufficient	valid	the	legitimate	proper	credible	rightful
we are so profoundly ignorant in these matters , so far from anything worthy of the name of science , that one view is just as permissible and just as untrustworthy as the other .	worthy	deserved	critical	respectful	capable	because	rightful	deserves	proper	typical	lawful
but there has been a good campaign fought by all the candidates and i would like to think that a person taking his place in this house in the next week or two will be a worthy representative of the residents in north vancouver .	worthy	good	sufficient	proper	suitable	true	useful	valuable	lawful	qualified	pleasing
nicolson : 1 do n't think that anyone has suggested that in a good number of these amounts , the money is not going toward worthy causes .	worthy	noble	proper	sufficient	charitable	such	these	patriotic	sinister	glorious	lawful
thirty-three-year-old delahaye was a popular figure in the paris office and was talked about as a worthy successor to robert capa .	worthy	good	deserved	suitable	useful	proper	valuable	noble	pleasing	lawful	meritorious
but i pictured carolyn looking just as slender and elegant , appearing at benefits for worthy causes .	worthy	noble	other	noteworthy	dubious	meritorious	different	glittering	proper	beloved	disguised
but overall , it makes for worthy listening on a good sound system .	worthy	good	useful	proper	valuable	hard	sufficient	somebody	pleasing	justified	garrison
it means knowing and loving ourselves enough to open the doors to allow a higher understanding of what the idle half our minds are capable of doing , disciplining ourselves to use the gifts accurately , for worthy purposes .	worthy	noble	useful	earthly	valid	lawful	meritorious	sinister	disguised	noteworthy	dubious
if babydaddy says he wo n't be around for the kid if you are n't sleeping with him , or you fear he wo n't , ask yourself if he 's a worthy boyfriend or father .	worthy	good	proper	suitable	sufficient	proud	pleasing	qualified	lawful	renowned	hardened
we fork over cash for all sorts of less worthy things .	worthy	valuable	important	desirable	deserved	sufficient	noteworthy	pleasing	memorable	renowned	prestigious
thus , the analyst acquires knowledge about the nature of the patient through an awareness of something going on in him .	acquires	receives	gets	gains	develops	possesses	obtained	has	collects	learns	gathers
a subsidiary was floated in the uk , tata tea ( gb ) ltd. , which acquired the controlling interest in the tetley group .	acquired	owned	obtained	purchased	bought	retained	inherited	formed	assumed	absorbed	attained
with the offer now completed , 2016091 ontario inc. will proceed with further steps to acquire the remaining ixos shares not owned by it , in accordance with german law .	acquire	buy	obtain	purchase	occupy	absorb	possess	consolidate	include	accumulate	incorporate
teacher education students will acquire the knowledge and skills required to apply current and emerging educational technologies both as teachers in training and as practicing teachers .	acquire	obtain	gain	attain	possess	learn	have	develop	accumulate	earn	gather
how many times have i caught up with those people several years later , to discover that they have acquired a lifestyle , a car and a mortgage to match their salary , and that their initial ideals have faded to the haziest of memories , which they now dismiss as a post-adolescent fantasy ?	acquired	gained	obtained	earned	developed	attained	received	accumulated	purchased	adopted	retained
then judge whether you already have these skills in some form or could reasonably acquire them before retirement .	acquire	obtain	possess	purchase	attain	develop	pursue	gain	accumulate	adopt	aggregate
thank you for having osiris here . we 've been involved in mesenchymal stem cell , adult stem cell research for about 11 years now . our technology came out of arnie kaplan 's lab and was acquired from case western at that time , and we 've been solely focused in that area since on several applications .	acquired	obtained	purchased	bought	owned	sold	inherited	gained	transferred	attained	originated
provides counseling , education and advocacy programs which help area residents acquire and retain/maintain safe and affordable housing .	acquire	obtain	buy	purchase	attain	gain	possess	receive	earn	secure	accumulate
more than 200 of the most significant works acquired by the corning museum of glass during the 1990s , to augment its holdings of 35,000 objects , are featured here .	acquired	obtained	purchased	bought	owned	accumulated	collected	received	amassed	gathered	attained
yet the last four are unattainable , the narrator insists , if you ca n't acquire the personal security -- the `` inner core , `` says covey -- that presumably comes from a mastery of the foundation .	acquire	obtain	possess	develop	gain	attain	earn	purchase	achieve	accumulate	satisfy
anointing of the sick may be repeated if the person becomes ill again or the danger becomes more acute .	acute	severe	immediate	extreme	intense	extensive	profound	urgent	imminent	evident	important
using occasional case studies , cutler defines her terms and provides specific examples of acute and chronic allergens causing asthma and allergic reactions and the genetic , environmental , metabolic , and little-known causes that play roles in asthma onset .	acute	immediate	severe	intense	chronic	epidemic	essential	inflammatory	annual	intensive	anterior
patchwork solutions produced by the personality ethic are like painkillers for an acute disease ; the problems might be temporarily hidden , only to return later with a vengeance .	acute	immediate	intense	extensive	inflammatory	epidemic	initial	adverse	intensive	airborne	anterior
hands , in particular , seem to be acute qi detectors and transmitters .	acute	immediate	sharp	apparent	important	absolute	keen	intricate	accurate	angular	audible
recommendations regards less of inappropriately placed patients in acute hospitals and the difficulties associated in placing these patients we estimate that the equivalent of a fully resourced general hospital ( 130million ) is taken up by p atients who have suffered from preventable error .	acute	general	emergency	chronic	ill	cardiac	these	intensive	tertiary	outbreak	epidemic
coronavirus as a possible cause of severe acute respiratory syndrome .	acute	adult	active	advanced	intense	annual	anterior	epidemic	adverse	airborne	alto
by sheer personal determination he raised the subject of psychic phenomena into the arena of acute controversy -- and kept it there .	acute	extreme	immediate	intense	profound	absolute	sharp	substantial	overwhelming	deepest	essential
isis-3 : a randomised trial of streptokinase vs tissue plasminogen activator vs anistreplase and of aspirin plus heparin vs aspirin alone among 41,299 cases of suspected acute myocardial infarction .	acute	cardiac	original	anterior	annual	airborne	intense	initial	traumatic	arrest	assault
`` generous chinese loans ' the best recovery that money can buy ' for all its fragilities , nothing yet has slowed this fire-breathing dragon - not the asian financial crisis of 1997-'98 ; not the internet and technology crash ; not synchronous global recession of 2001 ; and not this year 's outbreak of severe acute respiratory syndrome , or sars .	acute	adverse	adult	active	advanced	apparent	annual	airborne	a	atlantic	american
does this woman have an acute uncomplicated urinary tract infection ?	acute	advanced	extensive	epidemic	immediate	infectious	isolated	early	inflammatory	essential	anterior
wherever the azt caravan stopped , it presented physicians from important metropolitan centres like london and new york .	caravan	procession	group	convoy	flotilla	company	band	revue	hostel	roundabout	migration
your trailer or caravan must be fitted with an approved style number plate .	caravan	van	vehicle	jeep	convoy	solar	vehicles	trolley	holiday	safari	commuter
if you sat facing cologne you could n't see the chimney stacks further up the river , if you squinted you could n't see the caravan park on the other side , if you drank enough weisse weijn the thronging day-trippers greyed-themselves out .	caravan	holiday	trailer	safari	national	rv	jeep	commuter	trolley	makeshift	beer
tent , caravan or campervan . make sure of your future work plans before you move on from your present location .	caravan	tent	hostel	company	troupe	pavilion	flotilla	cattle	concession	revue	revue
you might think of several caravans of trucks all using the same road system to carry materials .	caravans	convoys	groups	fleets	companies	bands	types	herds	kinds	barges	brigades
the town is also well known as a transit point for the camel caravans bringing salt up from the arid lands of the dankal depression .	caravans	traders	wagons	convoys	vehicles	trucks	companies	herds	bands	riders	drivers
in his distress of mind at being left behind by the caravan , he had not noticed where he had thrown the load .	caravan	convoy	group	band	bandits	company	wagon	camel	flotilla	bandit	gypsy
about the time that ross , trudo , and benware were beating tipton senseless , the three-vehicle caravan , led by the blazer , with defendant as the driver and harris as a passenger , pulled into the parking lot .	caravan	convoy	van	procession	vehicle	group	jeep	flotilla	wagon	rv	chariot
lazy lizard caravan park , pine creek small and nondescript caravan park behind the pine creek tavern , off the stuart highway .	caravan	holiday	tent	trailer	safari	rv	solar	national	jeep	concession	fiesta
directly away from where the caravan was headed . : : : yang watched the exchange with interest .	caravan	convoy	band	group	company	procession	wagon	herd	flotilla	revue	concession
to understand why this should have been so , we need to look more closely at the nature of the style and its origins .	closely	carefully	deeply	strongly	broadly	widely	generally	tightly	intently	strictly	harshly
some people have guessed that this radiation is closely related to a period of intense cold and a high level of ice cover occurring around 600 mya ; perhaps environmental stresses wiped out competitors and created opportunities for a ( relatively ) clever animal to succeed and proliferate .	closely	strongly	directly	tightly	loosely	broadly	intimately	highly	strictly	remotely	roughly
they are working closely with natural tunnel state park , where the staff , eager to have additional housing nearby , have assured the bakers that they will be booked on a regular basis since the demand for housing outweighs supply .	closely	well	together	strongly	tightly	carefully	heavily	warmly	widely	quickly	broadly
the department is also working closely with hm customs and excise who are in the lead on developing the national lorry road user charging scheme .	closely	together	well	strongly	heavily	tightly	extensively	widely	deeply	broadly	warmly
retail : in the u.s. , analysts will be looking closely at third-quarter results .	closely	carefully	hard	widely	broadly	intently	deeply	steadily	tightly	quickly	narrowly
their academic careers are closely intertwined with social and political developments such as secularisation and antisemitism .	closely	tightly	deeply	highly	strongly	intimately	quickly	widely	broadly	narrowly	loosely
`` the baby has developed very normally and has been followed closely .	closely	carefully	strongly	regularly	well	frequently	widely	tightly	generally	broadly	steadily
to prevent asthma episodes you will have to work closely with your doctor to : develop a medicine plan that keeps you from getting symptoms .	closely	carefully	together	heavily	strongly	tightly	widely	regularly	deeply	frequently	highly
problems are flagged quickly and , working closely with your staff , we propose solutions .	closely	together	carefully	tightly	heavily	broadly	widely	intimately	along	strongly	warmly
what women want on a first date ( updated thursday , dec 5 , 2002 , 02:06:55 pm to reflect the 100 most recent valid responses. ) assuming you are a woman , which most closely matches your idea of a great first date ?	closely	strongly	accurately	tightly	exactly	broadly	widely	nearly	precisely	loosely	substantially
but that last statistic is misleading , because a variety of studies shows that about 40 % of the workers who do n't take up healthcare offers have coverage through a spouse , and another 20 % ( likely younger workers ) decline coverage to save money .	decline	lack	have	drop	reject	fail	lose	require	refuse	discount	reserve
in an interview for this survey , gordon brown , the british chancellor and himself a scotsman , said that support for the snp declined as the election neared because the party failed to give convincing answers to big questions about how it would run scotland 's economy .	declined	failed	diminished	grew	deteriorated	reduced	faded	weakened	slid	perished	depleted
st. lawrence cement increased domestic cement deliveries , but on balance volumes declined owing to delivery bottlenecks in the northeastern us .	declined	dropped	failed	reduced	fell	deteriorated	faltered	diminished	collapsed	grew	recovered
the air force has experienced low levels of equipment availability in the last five years , and availability of the hercules and the aurora fleets continues to decline .	decline	change	fall	drop	fail	weaken	reduce	reverse	develop	descend	dim
high school non-completion rates continue to decline 5 and an increasing number of young people are pursuing post-secondary education 6 .	decline	fall	drop	change	recover	reduce	develop	dip	weaken	occur	descend
whenever there is a condition with results in cardiac dysfunction stroke volume will eventually declined .	declined	reduced	reduce	lower	deteriorated	develop	fail	weaken	descend	recover	degraded
the productivity of crops and pastures , as well as the health of other vegetation , declines as the saline watertable reaches their root zones .	declines	drops	increases	reduces	suffers	develops	changes	collapses	strains	descends	lowers
unhappy with being called to task for declining scores , political educators complained that the tests were unfair to some , so they watered them down - - as if 2+2=4 was being challenged as unfair on racial , gender or other social-oriented measures .	declining	losing	failing	dropping	changing	reducing	deteriorating	lowering	lower	failed	dismissing
in particular , per capita incomes in africa have declined relative to the industrial countries and in some countries have declined in absolute terms .	declined	dropped	reduced	deteriorated	diminished	failed	recovered	developed	collapsed	eroded	degraded
the garch model is an infinite order arch model with a geometrically declining set of weights .	declining	failing	reducing	varying	deteriorating	corrupt	preserving	weakening	rejecting	impoverished	degraded
i will not endure the laughter of the court .	endure	suffer	tolerate	withstand	survive	bear	enjoy	consume	sustain	accept	undergo
and this combined annual incidence-rate will endure indefinitely too , until the annual production-rate is altered .	endure	continue	exist	last	persist	survive	remain	linger	suffer	stretch	flourish
positive attitude overcomes pelvic pain former athlete janet h has endured 20 operations and has been reduced to surviving on a special liquid diet after being stricken 24 years ago with endometriosis .	endured	suffered	undergone	experienced	survived	had	underwent	sustained	received	faced	weathered
what was n't my fault was the ordeal i had to endure to fix it .	endure	suffer	undergo	experience	survive	withstand	overcome	confront	undertake	traverse	administer
developers are routinely asked to endure the hardships of design extremes , such as a low-memory footprint , in order to reduce total system cost .	endure	suffer	survive	withstand	face	experience	undergo	confront	handle	absorb	administer
the white sox , who are enduring what i call the curse of the 1919 black sox ?	enduring	suffering	breaking	entertaining	surviving	lasting	strengthening	sustaining	honoring	struggling	exceeding
and , to a large extent i have harvard to thank for that -- for the extraordinary role models i studied and studied under and the friendships i made that have endured .	endured	survived	lasted	persisted	sustained	existed	occurred	unfolded	deteriorated	accumulated	upheld
now here he is , gowned and on a gurney , forced to endure a medical procedure all because of some soup .	endure	suffer	undergo	undertake	perform	withstand	survive	conduct	administer	consume	alter
however , people often endured inadequate at because of the lack of a viable alternative .	endured	suffered	suffer	survived	experienced	were	survive	experience	received	underwent	sustained
the campaign should challenge the notion that prostate problems are an inevitable part of ageing to be endured rather than investigated .	endured	suffered	experienced	survived	tolerated	sustained	upheld	preserved	weathered	unfolded	exploited
the hispanic family : an untapped resource one step that schools can take is to understand and tap into an important and underutilized source of strength -- the hispanic extended family .	extended	long	immediate	original	expanded	end	common	established	integrated	adoptive	important
) and recording an extended soundcheck on a little tape machine that may end up playing a big role on our next record .	extended	elongated	expanded	original	old	amplified	end	abbreviated	entire	important	interrupted
discussion top in this study , we have shown that recombinant gp120 increases the permeability of brain endothelium cultures to albumin , most likely by altering the cell morphology and inducing extended intercellular gaps that allow passage of macromolecules and probably facilitate cell transmigration across the bbb .	extended	long	large	the	longer	opened	elongated	developed	deep	widened	wide
nuclear family this unit observes and assesses the effectiveness of childcare in the nuclear family home environment , looking at the childrens ' experience with their parents and extended family .	extended	other	long	original	immediate	associated	established	older	old	adoptive	affiliated
at work : calling in sick , coming in late , leaving early , taking extended breaks , giving up your territory ( `` why do n't you let mary take over that assignment for you `` ) .	extended	long	longer	short	prolonged	lengthy	longest	elongated	holiday	important	overnight
( grieve 1927a , 19 ) [ 9 ] this book therefore marked the beginning of what was to be an extended battle between macdiarmid , as well as the other celticist fundamentalists in the nps , and the conservative nationalists of the scottish party .	extended	elongated	long	ongoing	early	enormous	important	lengthy	overlapping	escalated	abusive
not surprisingly , ellison spends a considerable amount of time describing the results of his own extended fieldwork among efe hunter-gatherers and lese horticulturalists living in the rainforests of the democratic republic of congo .	extended	long	prolonged	original	lengthy	longer	important	longest	deep	elongated	abusive
extended warranties for desktop computers tend to be rip-offs , because you would usually pay an independent technician much less in repair costs over the same period that a typical extended warranty costs to provide repair cover .	extended	long	longer	end	shortened	holiday	original	other	longest	abbreviated	elongated
i 've always been kind of at loose ends whenever i 'm given an extended period of free time .	extended	elongated	important	expanded	entire	long	enormous	interrupted	unspecified	abusive	overtime
i was taking a prescription medication over an extended length of time under the supervision of a physician who specializes in the management of pain .	extended	expanded	important	elongated	long	established	enormous	abbreviated	advanced	unspecified	entire
this external communication could be with external trading partners or within the organization .	external	other	outside	internal	foreign	international	outer	important	particular	overall	electronic
that is , we can be glad so long as we do not believe in external authority ( for example , the testimony of others ) alone for our religious beliefs .	external	an	outside	other	any	another	earthly	one	foreign	some	internal
the external appearance of each type of extinguisher maybe different and each carries its own instructions for use .	external	physical	general	outer	visible	visual	outside	outward	overall	negative	apparent
external resources : assess external resources and the community 's institutional , political , technical , legal and fiscal capability to engage in hazard mitigation and response .	external	internal	other	foreign	outside	international	global	national	current	overseas	allied
q can you kindly advise if team roles change with different team members and external factors e.g . company setting , cultural context ?	external	other	environmental	internal	different	outside	foreign	international	important	output	relevant
external links to other internet sites should not be construed as an endorsement of the views or privacy policies contained therein .	external	visual	other	the	such	outer	outward	all	negative	foreign	indirect
when careful measurements are taken of current flows in the generator and in the external circuit , evidence suggests that electric charges are appearing at the periphery of the generator and disappearing at the center of the generator that do not actually pass through the generator .	external	other	internal	outer	outside	negative	open	foreign	inner	opposite	reverse
many spiritual traditions still eschew technological techniques in favor of more `` authentic `` ones ; so unassisted meditation is said to be better than use of mind machines , electronic biofeedback , or psychotropic chemicals , and the use of technology as a sign of attachment to `` worldly `` things or reliance on external crutches rather than `` self-realization .	external	other	body	physical	outer	human	earthly	foreign	outside	different	alternative
`` nothing came to our attention indicating evidence of influence or pressure from internal or external sources , `` he wrote .	external	outside	foreign	other	outer	international	national	earthly	negative	export	outgoing
the end of the cold war could not but sharply increase its international isolation and legitimacy deficit ; bartering its anti-communist credentials for external assistance was no longer a feasible option .	external	foreign	international	government	outside	financial	monetary	global	overseas	multinational	export
the emancipation of women can only be completed when a fundamental transformation of living is effected ; and life-styles will change only with the fundamental transformation of all production and the establishment of a communist economy .	fundamental	general	necessary	basic	profound	global	national	genuine	comprehensive	federal	feasible
but as the approach moves into the commercial realm , especially the software business , it 's challenging fundamental notions about who owns ideas and how best to foster innovation .	fundamental	basic	the	traditional	conventional	essential	certain	all	substantive	metaphysical	taxonomic
the occasion is often a personal failure of fundamental understanding , where understanding transcends the grammar of associative consciousness .	fundamental	basic	general	deep	essential	pure	substantive	profound	soluble	formal	crystalline
first , he clearly distinguishes norms or values within the social network as having a fundamental impact on the development of social capital .	fundamental	basic	major	necessary	vital	positive	deep	profound	substantive	greater	substantial
`` we 're trying to build things that work and to prove theorems about why they work.we 're trying to articulate the more fundamental concepts of the field . '' koditschek mentions alan turing , who in the early 20th century first envisioned machines capable of methodical , goal-directed computation .	fundamental	basic	essential	general	important	vital	profound	elementary	substantive	elemental	soluble
two of the fundamental limitations of northern eias are the lack of adequate ecological baseline data and the lack of an adequate framework or method to link ecological and social components of the environment .	fundamental	main	major	basic	common	general	essential	substantive	serious	broad	overall
we generally do not permit transferral into the second year due to the unique nature of our course and fundamental skills that are learnt in the first year , but you are welcome to discuss your case with the admissions tutor .	fundamental	basic	common	essential	general	major	main	substantive	necessary	universal	systematic
would you rather have made the camera that shot citizen kane , or make citizen kane ? '' silicon alley is unique , but the fundamental processes that have facilitated its emergence are not .	fundamental	basic	underlying	major	essential	organizational	molecular	regulatory	governing	substantive	formal
they will also support two fundamental instructional objectives .	fundamental	major	basic	main	common	general	principle	substantive	formal	preliminary	necessary
the training demands outlined above ; the needs of governors for trained , well-led , and appropriately organized forces to defend against terrorist threats ; and possible political pressures not to deploy some arng units during times of heightened terrorist threats will demand a fundamental reexamination of army organization .	fundamental	major	necessary	basic	profound	substantial	total	deep	global	thorough	radical
to facilitate that involvement , the university will maintain appropriate processes within which students can communicate their views by formal and informal means , and can , directly or through their representatives , actively contribute to decisions affecting the university community .	informal	formal	indirect	unofficial	common	alternative	systematic	casual	miscellaneous	unconventional	institutional
this is one of the most important areas of informal employment and can take place in home-based , micro-enterprise-based or in factory-based locations .	informal	formal	alternative	regular	casual	secondary	unofficial	loose	indirect	civilian	unconventional
there are also quite a number of informal barriers .	informal	formal	unofficial	other	institutional	organizational	alternative	loose	improvised	organised	impromptu
for instance , copls generally provide interface specifications ( formal or informal ) for classes by running a tool such as javadoc or eiffel 's ' short ' over the class definition , meaning that the poor person writing a class has to write to 4 different ' audiences ' at once : the compiler , people writing code that uses the class , people writing derived classes and people maintaining the class itself .	informal	formal	unofficial	alternative	unconventional	improvised	approximate	common	abbreviated	miscellaneous	loose
institutions can be informal or formal .	informal	unofficial	casual	formal	impromptu	common	unconventional	ordinary	institutional	alternative	miscellaneous
things continued on an informal , personal basis , by phone , i [ remained ] close friends with two of them , but izzat al gazawi died last year .	informal	unofficial	official	impromptu	formal	ordinary	earthly	abbreviated	individual	institutional	unconventional
schoolyard habitats - national wildlife federation - offers an array of resources and programs for formal and informal k-12 educators in a traditional classroom situation , nature center or other youth service facility .	informal	formal	casual	unofficial	unconventional	systematic	institutional	impromptu	loose	indirect	improvised
since kt is the established symbol for the kilotonne , kn is the best choice as a symbol for the knot . knot [ 2 ] an informal unit of distance equal to the nautical mile .	informal	alternative	unofficial	official	international	abbreviated	established	approximate	organised	improvised	unconventional
jeffs and smith suggest that informal educators are `` guided ... by their understanding of what makes for the good ; of what makes for human well being '' ( 1990 : 1 7-1 8 ) .	informal	formal	individual	systematic	unconventional	unofficial	many	the	such	secondary	plural
key findings are available in the informal education archives : ; full report : `` institute of public policy research 2003 reprinted here with the kind permission of the institute of public policy research first placed in the archives : december 2003	informal	formal	public	alternative	secondary	new	unofficial	loose	miscellaneous	civilian	unconventional
the investigators , all part of a team known as the antithrombotic trialists ' collaboration ( atc ) , looked at whether the antiplatelets cut patients ' risk of heart attack , stroke and death from a cardiovascular cause .	investigators	scientists	researchers	analysts	participants	survivors	explorers	defendants	experiments	respondents	plaintiffs
reilly says he lost interest in the phone tap after finding in the wastebasket a piece of carbon paper with the impression of 15 questions which otepka had allegedly typed out for senate investigators to ask reilly .	investigators	members	researchers	officials	authorities	officers	regulators	prosecutors	detectives	operators	owners
`` [ new york times , 9/11/02 ] oct 5 , 2002 : congressional investigators say the fbi 's efforts to block their inquiry makes them skeptical of fbi assertions .	investigators	members	officers	authorities	prosecutors	researchers	detectives	analysts	regulators	inspectors	agents
the key to good science in this field is always to keep the experiment totally under the control of the investigators and to use blind and double-blind testing procedures wherever possible .	investigators	researchers	scientists	members	individuals	explorers	academics	experiments	competitors	respondents	organisms
leading international private detective and private investigator firm for all private investigations , we stand ready with any private detective or private investigator matter .	investigator	agent	detective	security	officer	insurance	owner	inspector	attorney	employer	examination
in addition , it is important for clinicians and investigators to account for any herbs or natural products being taken by their patients or research subjects that might interact with traditional treatments .	investigators	researchers	scientists	scholars	others	individuals	explorers	psychologists	experiments	members	academics
american investigators had to be sent anywhere but holland .	investigators	researchers	members	officers	authorities	inspectors	detectives	forces	institutions	regulators	industries
they suggest that investigators of new religious movements should look into adaptation in host communities as well as nrms , and that they pay special attention to the role of the mass media in this two-way process of adaptation .	investigators	leaders	members	advocates	researchers	representatives	practitioners	proponents	followers	adherents	promoters
the present , rejecting attitude restricts investigators to using simple tools , which are incapable of answering the questions skeptics demand be answered .	investigators	people	us	practitioners	members	users	them	criminals	it	adherents	adherents
there he was a section leader for inorganic chemistry and principal investigator on several research projects dealing with actinide coordination and organometallic chemistry , organometallic chemical vapor deposition , and technetium-99 chemistry .	investigator	scientist	researcher	author	member	collaborator	director	sponsor	protagonist	instrument	antagonist
`` something will hopefully be done `` , to ensure that even if the mission were to close tomorrow , fm103 `` continues in some form or sort , to consolidate the peace process .	mission	station	project	function	ship	cause	message	location	range	reason	map
`` what we 're seeing over time is the equivalent of mission creep : cases that would not be terrorism cases before sept. 11 are swept onto the terrorism docket , `` said juliette kayyem , a former clinton administration justice official who heads the national security program at harvard university 's john f. kennedy school of government .	mission	operation	event	function	location	job	message	mandate	cause	terrorism	target
and are we doing it in a way that keeps us competitive economically ? his question defined his passion , my stewardship and the mission of the environmental protection agency .	mission	purpose	function	goal	mandate	message	business	objective	structure	name	motto
local churches reproduce themselves in their neighborhood and on the mission field .	mission	charity	church	medical	prayer	message	mercy	welfare	mountain	martyr	translation
`` 52 the method of al imam al shafi'i in his book , al risalah al imam al shafi'i began his book by describing the state of mankind just before the mission of the prophet .	mission	message	function	ministry	launch	death	movement	arrival	mandate	departure	translation
there are many important and urgent responsibilities to attract the missionary 's attention on the mission field , e.g . adult literacy . social and developmental projects , educational and medical work .	mission	church	message	main	charity	mountain	world	translation	market	cross	pioneer
e-mail to : methodius baptist union of great britain - archive of mission-related dissertations with a focus on baptist mission in the uk e-mail to : darrell jackson , mission adviser bethany christian services ( bcs ) - bcs is a non-profit organization with a mission to protect and enhance the lives of children and individuals through professional social services like int . and dom . adoption , counseling ( pregnancy+family ) foster care and a 1-800-bethany hotline .	mission	ministry	service	church	work	movement	teaching	message	charity	reformation	cause
nk : we are the children of the hippie generation and girl has been imbued with this mission from her mother from a very young age .	mission	secret	message	project	function	goal	cause	task	map	mandate	label
c. operational role of weu weu 's operational role will be strengthened by examining and defining appropriate missions , structures and means , covering in particular : weu planning cell ; closer military cooperation complementary to the alliance in particular in the fields of logistics , transport , training and strategic surveillance ; meetings of weu chiefs of defence staff ; military units answerable to weu .	missions	functions	objectives	targets	messages	responsibilities	maps	tasks	assignments	mandates	minerals
that said , the best foundations are focused on accomplishing programmatic missions .	missions	purposes	objectives	functions	tasks	projects	targets	messages	assignments	aims	mandates
there is something just so profound about that .	profound	deep	serious	personal	pure	potent	mystical	basic	spiritual	magnificent	penetrating
segall and timiras discovered profound changes in neurotransmitter levels in the brains of their experimental animals , but were unable to explore the implications of these changes with regard to aging because their funding ran out .	profound	deep	major	noticeable	remarkable	subtle	lasting	substantial	the	vast	visible
the human genome project is going to be of profound significance for the pharmaceuticals and healthcare sectors , offering real hope in the treatment of conditions such as cystic fibrosis and cancer .	profound	great	deep	major	lasting	national	particular	dire	permanent	noticeable	utmost
25 association , of course , does not establish causality -- but it raises the possibility that the profound and apparently deepening pessimism about personal circumstances widely reflected in an array of opinion polls and surveys is among the determinants underlying russia 's fearsome levels of cardiovascular death .	profound	deep	lasting	noticeable	subtle	permanent	potent	deepest	total	subdued	durable
if you hesitate , therefore , a moment , or if , after reflection , you produce any intricate or profound argument , you , in a manner , give up the question , and confess that it is not reasoning which engages us to suppose the past resembling the future , and to expect similar effects from causes which are , to appearance , similar .	profound	deep	serious	solemn	potent	comprehensive	penetrating	sophisticated	mortal	surpassing	subdued
a fresh miracle , one with a profound political dimension and such spectacular possibilities was just what they had to be looking for . [ 8 ] lourdes ' mother superior is depicted as a jealous , resentful and ambitious woman who viewed the newly arrived order as a threat-a competitor for donations and novices .	profound	deep	deeply	major	broad	deeper	certain	serious	truly	dire	potent
you have surely given an exceptional argument which raises many profound questions concerning the foundations of artificial intelligence .	profound	deep	serious	fundamental	basic	subtle	potent	mortal	noticeable	deeper	penetrating
return to contents natural selection and other mechanisms-such as chromosomal changes , symbiosis and hybridization-can drive profound changes in populations over time .	profound	substantial	lasting	major	noticeable	drastic	momentary	visible	permanent	durable	recognizable
gaining the confidence of local residents , for example , so that they will allow the students to enter and test their homes requires profound cultural understanding .	profound	deep	great	total	a	basic	thorough	potent	deeply	diverse	comprehensive
but even willy 's conception of the past is not as idyllic as it seems on the surface , as his split consciousness , the profound rift in his psyche , shows through .	profound	deep	great	deepest	major	momentary	permanent	total	greatest	gaping	dire
`` what meeks did not mention is that guea bought the building from her church , victory apostolic faith church in chicago , where she and her father are prominent members , according to cook county property records and the church 's web site .	prominent	important	distinguished	notable	influential	current	leading	active	common	respected	noticeable
among the recipients were prominent journalists and producers , scions of the alternative press , and a smattering of current and former intelligence analysts who often serve as sources in news analyses and articles .	prominent	distinguished	notable	influential	leading	famous	noteworthy	successful	known	respected	commonly
update posted at 10:00 am -- permalink back in this post , i reported that the tropicana hotel in las vegas had stopped accepting reservations for after april 15 and that a prominent demolition company had told a reporter that it was studying how to blow up the place .	prominent	certain	famous	known	notable	leading	local	distinguished	renowned	recognizable	recognized
`` evidence is easily found of multipolarity and china 's prominent role in promoting it .	prominent	distinguished	major	large	leading	conspicuous	predominant	substantial	active	noticeable	sizable
reeling from the effects of world war ii , prominent local businessmen led by the visionary archie jewell , purchased the building in 1943 and renovated it to become `` the international house `` , a newly-created non-profit trade association dedicated to world peace , trade and understanding .	prominent	leading	influential	notable	the	distinguished	famous	numerous	wealthy	commonly	substantial
there were five references to crawford : three dealing with his present claims that he lied on behalf of the tobacco companies , one dealing with a property dispute , and another , which identified him as a prominent criminal lawyer , who had been involved in 33 capital cases .	prominent	distinguished	famous	notable	known	leading	renowned	certain	successful	common	respected
expansion of markets , improvement of profit potential , and reduction of cost factors join the enhancement of competitive position as prominent forces moving organizations toward globalization .	prominent	influential	notable	leading	important	predominant	noticeable	distinguished	recognizable	substantial	conspicuous
i have argued in my previous article for pdf that `` [ f ] or armstrong williams-like bloggers actually paid by campaigns or other political committees to promote or attack a candidate for federal office , prominent and on-the-spot disclosure should be mandated . '' a disclosure on a campaign 's website in a quarterly report after the election deprives voters of valuable information about the possible motivations for an analysis or commentary appearing on a website .	prominent	substantial	distinguished	commonly	consistent	distinctive	sizable	detailed	importantly	above	above
this pattern of bad journalism is a prominent feature of every pro-hoax text and video .	prominent	notable	major	common	large	conspicuous	distinguished	noticeable	predominant	substantial	recognizable
apple vs. microsoft my altavista survey results revealed that `` gates hate `` is more prominent among mac fans than with other groups -- providing a rationale for starting with apple in our examination of the various conflicts listed above .	prominent	common	prevalent	frequent	noticeable	notable	commonly	predominant	widespread	substantial	evident
in short , he may be rendered insane upon every subject which is not founded on , and which does not remain in never-varying consistency with , the facts that surround mankind .	rendered	made	deemed	found	declared	pronounced	become	thus	termed	formed	presumed
a shared interest in prosperity has not been enough to render benign alienage and the political erasures of borders .	render	make	provide	produce	constitute	reverse	obtain	afford	harbour	reproduce	attain
it is , therefore , without any substance to urge that the services under the scheme are rendered free of charge and , therefore , the scheme is not a `` service `` under the act .	rendered	treated	not	provided	made	deemed	performed	given	furnished	supplied	exercised
posted by : robrob at june 23 , 2005 02:04 am where will the greed of corporations intent on rendering skilled american workers obsolete end ?	rendering	making	producing	turning	creating	leaving	affecting	causing	reducing	declaring	becoming
in general , the speech stylesheet will not attempt to specify the mapping between visual layout tags and speech properties , instead leaving it to specific browser implementations and user-specific stylesheets to decide how such tags are rendered .	rendered	treated	displayed	portrayed	represented	processed	generated	depicted	stylized	simulated	realised
you produce the content , and my browser decides -- along with some input from me -- how to render the content .	render	use	apply	rate	display	provide	translate	reproduce	export	generate	output
in particular , provision of an alternative route for cyclists should never be regarded as an excuse for rendering the original road or junction unsuitable for cyclists .	rendering	making	leaving	affecting	turning	declaring	finding	converting	restoring	producing	locating
although technological advancements make it possible to ship products from one side of the world to the other within a few days , abuse of a good-quality food before , during or after transportation and storage may render it spoiled or unsafe by the time it reaches the consumer .	render	make	leave	become	turn	declare	constitute	spell	afford	comprise	mold
`` this renders necessary a brief review of the position occupied by the administration on this important and vital question .	renders	makes	is	gives	constitutes	contains	proves	leaves	becomes	make	remains
schon ( 1983,1987 ) has noted that `` practice is characterized by indeterminacy , and what distinguishes the excellent practitioner from the merely adequate one is the ability to render indeterminate situations determinate .	render	make	provide	declare	produce	afford	constitute	yield	display	attain	reproduce
( missing last minute ) ( gsn/wo/c/a+/133 ) biography bob barker ( a+ ) mark goodson ( a+ ) deal a very interesting and intimate behind-the scenes look at `` let 's make a deal `` , one of the most popular game shows of all time .	scenes	events	lines	-	episodes	lyrics	tracks	tables	regions	sounds	seconds
hence becoming the scene of more than one major battle between the olde enemy england .	scene	site	location	setting	venue	sight	subject	set	source	host	target
framed by the remains of a smoking , burning doorway and silhouetted against the light , ethan squats and surveys the butchered dead , and his head drops as he imagines the torture that three family members suffered , including martha 's rape . [ a similar scene of luke skywalker 's discovery of his aunt and uncle 's burning home after their murder by imperial stormtroopers is found in george lucas ' star wars ( 1977 ) .	scene	story	sequence	page	shot	show	moment	image	plot	incident	location
`` it does n't come into play unless you 're actually at a scene or taking action photographs , but digital cameras do not have a shutter speed fast enough to photograph action , '' says pasqualone .	scene	location	site	situation	room	region	crime	page	venue	deck	target
every scene seems totally natural like it could have really happened , and yet the movie is not a dull slice-of-life diorama either .	scene	moment	line	song	page	situation	sequence	room	chapter	event	sentence
undoubtedly a mainstay of the texas music scene , one of lloyd 's best known credits is his daughter , natalie maines , the lead singer for the grammy award winning dixie chicks .	scene	industry	show	community	club	market	sound	circuit	venue	setting	page
on the plus side , the immediate mode offers the possibility of exploring dynamic scenes .	scenes	events	characters	sequences	moments	situations	lines	settings	episodes	sounds	tables
both times we have a cajus who goes out to walk ; both times a carriage full of people , who both times sing and shout ; both times cajus meets with the carnage ; both times a family is mentioned ; both times an aged woman figures in the scene ; both times the hand is kissed .	scene	room	picture	setting	conversation	show	page	set	main	group	group
`` reverse : whaling scene with two boats , one being stove by a whale ; ship in background , labeled `` 18 jan 1851 / the accident off new zealand .	scene	room	show	event	setting	game	season	incident	situation	sequence	problem
if we do not take a lead on the national scene , our fate will be in the hands of others -- others who are not likely to share our mission or concerns .	scene	market	floor	record	face	stage	dream	page	surface	economy	scale
3 [ 432 u.s. 312 , 332 ] i suspect that the only justification for the court 's decision today is its belief that the statute is unfair in its application .	suspect	believe	think	doubt	suppose	confess	assume	suggest	consider	reckon	worry
it is doubtful that many viewers who witness the process and effects of such nefarious and insidious `` mind control `` in their entertainment , ever suspect that they themselves are the victims of similar programs of influence and plots of intrigue in real life .	suspect	think	believe	assume	know	guess	doubt	consider	suppose	notice	perceive
this variable degree of symptoms can make the diagnosis of an oxidative metabolic disorder more difficult to recognize , but should be highly suspected when myopathy and encephalopathy are present together .	suspected	known	confirmed	developed	confessed	diagnosed	studied	investigated	doubted	questioned	figured
if you suspect something is out of the ordinary then its time to call the police and either pass on the information or request to see an officer if necessary .	suspect	think	believe	know	assume	feel	see	suppose	thought	notice	perceive
i suspect that all the other committees will have an away day and that all of those will have a european element .	suspect	think	believe	assume	suppose	doubt	worry	fancy	suggest	warrant	persist
suspected of conspiracy , securities fraud and obstruction of justice , stewart is ultimately indicted , found guilty of all charges and sentenced to five months in prison followed by five months of house arrest .	suspected	accused	thought	convicted	found	guilty	because	known	considered	although	acquitted
here 's a cross-section : -- wizbang 's kevin alyward : '' i remain skeptical of the argument the schindler 's lawyers have put forth ( they claimed that terri schiavo 's religious and due process rights have been violated ) in their federal case , and suspect the supreme court may decided not to hear the case .	suspect	think	that	believe	thought	believed	assume	doubt	fear	worry	suggest
either way , it appears that the spdc commander suspects that the rice has gone to the knla .	suspects	thinks	believes	knows	suggests	worries	doubts	assumes	finds	considers	hints
i suspect i will be able to nitpick all counterarguments .	suspect	believe	think	assume	suppose	doubt	worry	suggest	conjecture	presumed	persist
plaintiff presents , as an example of `` government spying , `` an incident in which another person is suspected , without factual basis , of being an infiltrator : on october 10 , 2001 , seattle central community college freedom socialists club held a form entitled `` a speakout against war .	suspected	accused	found	thought	confessed	considered	convicted	presumed	implicated	regarded	reputed
spaghettini with mullet roe and grated vegetables , and penne with sundried tomatoes and basil were both full of flavour and pleasantly light , which was lucky as i was almost defeated by an exceptionally tender and tasty lamb shank to follow .	tender	thin	delicate	lean	sensitive	benign	mature	complex	vulnerable	devoted	secular
women usually notice little change in their breasts , but if you are a man , your breasts may become slightly larger and may be tender .	tender	treated	gentle	painful	loving	delicate	healed	adored	found	common	sacred
`` i can be very , very strong , but on the other hand , i have very tender sentiments .	tender	gentle	delicate	serious	precious	loving	sensitive	painful	compassionate	secular	vulnerable
rabbits often feed on young , tender perennial growth as it emerges in spring , or on young transplants .	tender	delicate	mature	fresh	young	youthful	distinctive	benign	newborn	juvenile	tertiary
the grilled octopus was very tender .	tender	sweet	delicate	gentle	fresh	delicious	cold	precious	fragile	benign	messy
cook the rice , covered , over boiling water for about 30 minutes , or until the grains are tender .	tender	mature	fresh	edible	delicate	pink	young	stout	slender	reddish	benign
they feed at that period on the opening buds of maples , and others that are equally tender and juicy .	tender	fresh	delicate	mature	young	benign	fertile	edible	slender	treated	tropical
anne bradstreet 's poetry is so tender and poignant , cotton mather 's preaching is both ornery and passionate , richard baxter 's reformed pastor is one of the classics , and jonathan edwards , is , well , jonathan edwards ( if you consider him a puritan , not everyone does. ) oh , by the way , great article about puritans here .	tender	gentle	delicate	thoughtful	serious	mature	young	youthful	beloved	vulnerable	benign
i fancy you would , perhaps , like the rule of the russians , who are very great friends of india and of mahomedans , and under whom the hindus will live in great comfort , and who will protect with the tenderest care the wealth and property which they have acquired under english rule ?	tenderest	most	greatest	utmost	deepest	best	finest	highest	least	same	last
after breaking though into the first team at the tenderest of ages , the youngster received his full international call up shortly afterwards .	tenderest	youngest	age	earliest	smallest	oldest	lowest	finest	simplest	cradle	infancy
yes , this had happened : the pirates to windward and the pirates to leeward of the agra had found out , at one and the same moment , that the merchant captain they had lashed , and bullied , and tortured was a patient but tremendous man .	tremendous	enormous	immense	foolish	desperate	extraordinary	wonderful	ferocious	frightening	gigantic	terrifying
these occurrences are never reported to the general public because they would cause a tremendous backlash against the present system .	tremendous	great	huge	considerable	major	greater	gigantic	vast	substantial	certain	giant
`` it does not foster the tremendous sense of accomplishment that a child receives when another person can read his writing , `` she said .	tremendous	enormous	great	immense	same	profound	overwhelming	considerable	deep	vast	substantial
-- posted by jess on august 12 , 2003 12:23 pm i think this idea has tremendous promise .	tremendous	great	immense	enormous	considerable	wonderful	incredible	a	greater	substantial	magnificent
over the last several decades , both the town and county have seen tremendous growth .	tremendous	great	considerable	substantial	immense	greater	enormous	incredible	wonderful	vast	substantive
organizational re-design we have seen the need in our transformation efforts to re-design some of our military organizations to harness the tremendous power of new technologies and exploit the synergy of joint forces .	tremendous	immense	enormous	incredible	vast	considerable	wonderful	formidable	staggering	marvelous	immensely
listen to the kangaroo , to her low moans and sighs , she 's just so upset about her tremendous thighs .	tremendous	giant	wonderful	gigantic	enormous	large	bulging	marvelous	diminished	beloved	sizable
the tremendous mobilization of resources made the allied victory possible .	tremendous	enormous	immense	vast	huge	great	extraordinary	magnificent	gigantic	overwhelming	expansive
at the september groundbreaking for the new academic building at george mason university , larry czarda , vice president for operations , prince william campus said : the surge of economic development in the manassas/prince william county area offers tremendous opportunities for growth and programming at the prince william campus as well as the potential for forging academic and research partnerships with our corporate neighbors .	tremendous	great	immense	enormous	wonderful	greater	many	vast	incredible	countless	the
there 's a tremendous amount of information on the kitimat pipeline .	tremendous	great	considerable	huge	vast	large	greater	wonderful	terrific	fantastic	gigantic
a first negative social effect of retrenchment programmes is the redistribution of incentives given for voluntary retirement ; these tend to attract the most skilled employees who have the best chances for advancement in the private sector but who are vital to the successful implementation of the reform .	vital	crucial	important	critical	essential	key	pivotal	valuable	fundamental	relevant	sacrificed
4. ) bone is being reabsorbed from the skeleton in order to keep the vital blood level of calcium normal .	vital	human	basic	critical	crucial	essential	lethal	fetal	spiritual	natal	viva
it says that it has been inundated by correspondence from clubs that risk losing vital income that helps to keep their organisations alive .	vital	the	its	important	an	crucial	valuable	all	major	main	secret
( see resources. ) consulting them is a vital piece of the selection process as you 'll get a good idea of what 's appropriate or historic for your area .	vital	key	crucial	major	valuable	basic	main	useful	important	relevant	valid
information technology keeping out the wrong people tightened visa rules are slowing the vital flow of professionals into the u.s. like a forlorn estragon from samuel beckett 's waiting for godot , zubair malik has been waiting .	vital	important	main	crucial	whole	spiritual	life	human	rightful	fledgling	substantive
if anything , the mission understates its own vital role in order to keep the focus on local churches and their missionaries , but those of us who are served so well by gfa can testify that we would not be anywhere near as effective without these skilled , dedicated yoke-fellows in the lord 's work .	vital	important	crucial	moral	essential	key	major	valuable	basic	relevant	human
replacing mideast oil is vital , but not by substituting equally or more vulnerable domestic sources .	vital	important	necessary	crucial	useful	essential	valuable	critical	relevant	profitable	lethal
protest is vital , but small , incessant protests are impotent . *** what do you do when the message wo n't get through ?	vital	important	valuable	valid	crucial	meaningful	useful	relevant	sensible	tangible	noteworthy
hearing aid wearers were provided access to the telephone system because congress recognized the vital nature of the phone system and the importance of everyone , including people with hearing loss , being able to access it .	vital	important	essential	critical	crucial	valuable	distinctive	basic	relevant	profitable	vibrant
`` troops continue to work to provide vital infrastructure throughout iraq .	vital	important	crucial	critical	basic	valuable	useful	relevant	viable	beneficial	major
china , india , latin america and the rest of asia will help grow worldwide demand for electric power by 59 percent over the next two decades . '' the hydrogen economy is based on the idea that fuel cells that run on hydrogen have the potential to replace current energy systems in all forms , from vehicle propulsion to stationary power generation to mobile phone batteries .	worldwide	global	international	globally	the	nationwide	widespread	wide	overall	multinational	globalization
this has been , at times , merely an effort to gain greater public renown for their group or cause , but more troubling have been the groups seeking to push forward al-qaida 's agenda of worldwide terror .	worldwide	global	widespread	international	national	nationwide	globally	spreading	universal	multinational	lifetime
this is where the information revolution is happening -- and our share of these voices is smaller and smaller -- so america must find way to reach and engage a wider , younger , more diverse worldwide audience .	worldwide	international	global	nationwide	wide	globally	overseas	multinational	widespread	foreign	www
that same thing could happen if we had a manhattan type project focusing on renewables , potential worldwide markets , if we are the leader , and we have every reason to be the leader because we have the biggest problem .	worldwide	global	international	human	financial	globally	european	nationwide	united	weapons	overall
at the time of writing , the anti-semitic policies of the soviet union are also a subject of worldwide protest .	worldwide	international	global	widespread	national	nationwide	globally	wide	universal	internationally	multinational
he suggested building an experimental hypertext ' web ' for the worldwide community of physicists who used cern and its publications .	worldwide	global	international	nationwide	widespread	globally	largest	online	wide	vast	multinational
furthermore , non-residents can apply to be treated like a resident if his/her income from german sources is either at least 90 percent of his/her worldwide income or his/her non-german source income is less than dm12,000 ( 24,000 for married couples ) .	worldwide	global	total	own	nationwide	globe	globally	lifetime	overall	usa	wide
after adding the separate partnerships of jlw ireland and jlw scotland , the combined total of our european and north american businesses represented approximately 75 % of worldwide revenue in 1998 , up from approximately 63 % in 1997 .	worldwide	global	overall	international	us	globally	the	our	nationwide	overseas	globe
osis also provides its users with direct , yet protected , access to the internet and its broad range of worldwide open source information resources .	worldwide	global	international	globally	nationwide	widely	internationally	widespread	online	multinational	universally
like maypoles , wreaths too , as she points out , figure in may day as well as summer solstice celebrations . http : //www.schooloftheseasons.com/signssummer.html [ link updated 5/20/02 ] [ added 26 may 2000 ] : this fun page collects worldwide insights from people who write to waverly and comment on how summer begins for them .	worldwide	global	international	the	some	globally	nationwide	wide	widespread	overseas	overseas
may 13 , 2002 - dunn 's execution , scheduled for may 14th , was stayed by the fifth circuit pending resolution of the appeal .	execution	death	murder	assassination	hanging	punishment	ordination	imprisonment	sentence	prosecution	arrest
no . 19504 regents action date : december 20 , 2001 action : application for consent order granted ; penalty agreed upon : 2 year suspension , execution of suspension stayed , probation 2 years , $ 5,000 fine .	execution	death	order	punishment	end	office	implementation	assassination	interpretation	enactment	ordination
more broadly , it provides context for the question of what immediate executions are worth to investors .	executions	events	actions	outcomes	activities	interactions	operations	consequences	outputs	successes	objectives
especially in a legislature such as the english , in which the responsibility for the execution of the laws is and must be felt .	execution	implementation	operation	application	enforcement	enactment	delivery	order	completion	output	office
found is set this way when the for loop exits ; inside the execution of the loop , found is not modified by the for statement , although it may be changed by the execution of other statements within the loop body .	execution	output	end	implementation	duration	iteration	completion	writing	activity	existence	enactment
of course , this approach requires good execution including strong encryption and authentication , and secure key management .	execution	performance	implementation	operation	application	analysis	output	evaluation	completion	outcome	oversight
but a new survey shows that the execution of ms. tucker and the resulting debate led some residents of the lone star state to have second thoughts about capital punishment .	execution	death	murder	punishment	assassination	sentencing	release	sentence	condemnation	order	ordination
i understand that the presence of those individuals that came to the congress to testify about the years they had spent awaiting execution before having being declared innocent was particularly moving and valuable .	execution	death	murder	assassination	trial	arrest	example	election	explosion	apocalypse	exile
the most poignant part of the book is when we learn of raw 's loss of his 15-year old daughter to a murderer and how he dealt with the pain and grief ( it was not , incidentally , by calling the murderer names and demanding his execution ) .	execution	death	punishment	escape	arrest	order	destruction	end	body	sacrifice	abandon
although i told you after the program how pleased i was and how successful i felt everything went , what i did n't tell you after the program was this : on a scale of 1 to 10 , your execution was also a '' 10 !	execution	performance	evaluation	output	analysis	efficiency	accuracy	instruction	effectiveness	consistency	accomplishment
happiness is a by-product of function .	function	work	service	structure	use	help	form	result	reason	unit	job
4 how can one generate the probability density function of an erlang distribution using stella ?	function	structure	form	system	number	factor	point	ratio	unit	coefficient	profile
these functions also use scheduling priority to decide which thread gets to execute when there is contention .	functions	features	services	problems	numbers	works	tasks	names	members	maps	they
functions of the presidency one way of bringing focus to the presidency is to determine what the functions of the position should be .	functions	features	members	purposes	works	studies	duties	services	departments	activities	settings
the orientation of unionids in rivers as a function of the hydrological variability .	function	result	feature	characteristic	consequence	measure	development	condition	variation	state	factor
because of the obvious incapacity of these bourgeois classes to fulfill the normal economic function of a bourgeoisie , each of them faces a subversion based on the bureaucratic model , more or less adapted to local peculiarities , and eager to seize the heritage of this bourgeoisie .	function	task	purpose	business	work	mission	structure	operation	unit	question	study
the composition , structure , function and distribution of populations and the biology of population communities ( producers , consumers , and decomposers ) , ecosystems , nutrient cycles , energy flow , bio-geographical cycles , human impact on environment will be covered .	function	form	use	number	structure	shape	development	play	distribution	treatment	formation
however , their arguments are identical in function to the creationists ' arguments : rather than provide positive evidence for their own position , they mainly try to find weaknesses in natural selection .	function	form	structure	nature	purpose	concept	use	effect	performance	operation	scope
its main function is to act as a bridge between your hi-fi and computer , so that you can stream music from one to the other .	function	purpose	use	task	mission	form	focus	name	feature	reason	business
where most experiments show only `` shadows `` of the wave function in the form of measurement outcomes , konrad was able to go one step further , designing and implementing a measurement scheme that is sensitive enough to reveal the complete function .	function	system	structure	state	body	result	family	number	factor	problem	map
