in march 1992 , linux version 0.95 was the first to be capable of running x . this large version number jump was due to a feeling that a version 1.0 with no major missing pieces was imminent .	pieces	parts	features	components	elements	code	bits	chunks	sections	portions	details
much of the water carried by these streams is diverted .	diverted	wasted	transferred	reclaimed	pumped	routed	derived	converted	recycled	displaced	reserved
harry also becomes the worthy possessor of the remaining deathly hallows : the invisibility cloak and the resurrection stone , hence becoming the true master of death .	possessor	owner	host	master	proprietor	heir	recipient	successor	holder	bearer	incumbent
escapologists escape from handcuffs , straitjackets , cages , coffins , steel boxes , barrels , bags , burning buildings , fish-tanks and other perils , often in combination .	perils	dangers	types	devices	situations	difficulties	risks	complications	methods	traps	precautions
the storm continued , crossing the outer banks of north carolina , and retained its strength until june 20 when it became extratropical near newfoundland .	retained	maintained	held	kept	remained	preserved	sustained	continued	regained	exhibited	conserved
the convent has been the official residence of the governor of gibraltar since 1728 .	residence	home	house	seat	palace	mansion	housing	property	possession	haven	pursuit
food is procured with its suckers and then crushed using its tough `` beak '' of chitin .	procured	obtained	secured	acquired	picked	prepared	gathered	plucked	selected	derived	harvested
the united states convened a 13-nation conference of the international opium commission in 1909 in shanghai , china in response to increasing criticism of the opium trade .	convened	summoned	hosted	held	assembled	gathered	scheduled	presided	commissioned	staged	formulated
photosynthesis is vital for life on earth .	vital	essential	critical	important	crucial	necessary	fundamental	basic	significant	relevant	beneficial
dodd simply retained his athletic director position , which he had acquired in 1950 .	acquired	obtained	gained	purchased	bought	inherited	secured	earned	attained	accumulated	amassed
radiometric dating is a technique used to date materials , usually based on a comparison between the observed abundance of a naturally occurring radioactive isotope and its decay products , using known decay rates .	abundance	amount	quantity	presence	amounts	concentration	population	prevalence	occurrence	accumulation	concentrations
bacterial contaminants are ubiquitous , and foods left unused too long will often acquire substantial amounts of bacterial colonies and become dangerous to eat , leading to food poisoning .	substantial	large	significant	massive	considerable	sizable	extensive	sufficient	certain	excessive	heavy
tibooburra has an arid , desert climate with temperatures soaring above 40 celsius in summer , often reaching as high as 47 c .	arid	dry	ancient	extreme	open	desert	alternative	harsh	active	exotic	alternate
hanna meandered around the southeastern bahamas , weakening to a tropical storm while also dumping heavy rain on already-devastated haiti .	meandered	moved	drifted	continued	wandered	travelled	traveled	curved	traced	raced	tracked
with the high gulf pressures - a ship reported a pressure of 1015.5 millibars less than 60 m from the storm center at the time it was upgraded to a tropical storm - alicia was unable to gain size , staying very small , but generated faster winds , and became a category 1 hurricane on august 16	generated	produced	created	gave	provided	attracted	caused	emitted	spawned	manufactured	charged
das rheingold is the first of the four operas that comprise der ring des nibelungen , by richard wagner .	comprise	constitute	contain	form	collect	construct	assemble	encompass	consume	depart	aggregate
a frenulum is a small fold of tissue that secures or restricts the motion of a mobile organ in the body .	secures	supports	holds	prevents	ensures	facilitates	protects	maintains	guarantees	helps	confines
helen hunt has been recognized extensively in her career . in 1998 she become the second actress to win a golden globe award , an academy award and an emmy award in the same year .	career	life	work	history	profession	lifetime	success	year	retirement	period	comeback
when wotan refuses to abandon his `` free hero '' , fricka lays bare his self-deception : siegmund is in no sense independent since his fate has been pre-ordained by wotan , who has even indirectly led him to find the magic sword .	refuses	decides	agrees	insists	threatens	continues	declines	leaves	demands	accepts	yields
the storm never approached land during its lifespan , and no damage or casualties were reported .	casualties	deaths	losses	fatalities	injuries	civilians	consequences	survivors	incidents	ratings	memorials
the purpose of public speaking can range from simply transmitting information , to motivating people to act , to simply telling a story .	transmitting	sending	communicating	providing	broadcasting	delivering	receiving	distributing	presenting	passing	conducting
published by tor books , it was released on august 15 , 1994 in hardcover , and in paperback on july 15 , 1997 .	released	published	issued	opened	sold	launched	written	available	found	produced	located
in many circumstances , these investments can be less expensive than fossil fuel energy systems .	circumstances	situations	cases	conditions	occasions	instances	times	contexts	scenarios	environments	surroundings
following the death of schidlof from a heart attack in 1987 , the amadeus quartet disbanded .	disbanded	formed	retired	reformed	ceased	reunited	resigned	faltered	concluded	cancelled	divorced
by 1960 he had developed the short story into a screenplay , and envisaged it as containing a suitable role for monroe .	envisaged	regarded	intended	identified	imagined	considered	anticipated	realised	contemplated	indicated	illustrated
with poor sales of the a340-200 , airbus decided to use the fuselage of the a340-200 with the wings and engines of the a330-300 .	fuselage	body	chassis	layout	platform	hull	structure	frame	cockpit	backbone	fabric
the last event was held on june 11 , 2000 , not to be held again due to the acquisition of wcw by world wrestling federation .	acquisition	purchase	ownership	absorption	takeover	sale	merger	administration	owner	enrollment	interception
kowal suggested the name and the iau endorsed it in 1975 .	endorsed	approved	supported	adopted	accepted	sanctioned	sponsored	backed	ratified	upheld	accredited
dry air wrapping around the southern periphery of the cyclone eroded most of the deep convection by early on september 12 .	periphery	edges	edge	fringe	rim	outskirts	quadrant	radius	coastline	heartland	verge
brief additional internal links are generally tolerated when used to facilitate communication or to provide general information , but undesirable if seen as canvassing for some purpose .	tolerated	allowed	permitted	acceptable	desirable	accepted	useful	welcome	beneficial	appropriate	welcomed
alfonso drops the marriage contract in front of the officers , and , when they read it , they become enraged .	enraged	angry	furious	outraged	angered	agitated	alarmed	appalled	aggravated	impatient	exasperated
the overland expedition , also called the overland relief expedition or point barrow-overland relief expedition , was an expedition in the winter of 1897-1898 by officers of the united states revenue cutter service to save the lives of 265 whalers trapped in the arctic ocean by ice around their ships near point barrow , alaska .	expedition	mission	effort	operation	project	excursion	trip	enterprise	excavation	affair	attempt
located on the river pedieos and situated almost in the center of the island , it is the seat of government as well as the main business center .	situated	located	positioned	placed	nowadays	centred	hence	erected	precisely	lodged	constituted
iero thought that it would be difficult to promote the album himself , if released through his own label , with his current obligations to my chemical romance and the other bands signed to his label .	obligations	commitments	duties	responsibilities	commitment	ties	requirements	debts	contracts	arrangements	payments
it has now been determined that europa is a prograde rotator , but the exact direction in which its pole points remains ambiguous .	ambiguous	unclear	uncertain	vague	obscure	unspecified	arbitrary	cryptic	elusive	oblique	anonymous
the bishops ceded the oversticht to the emperor charles v in 1528 , who styled himself `` lord of overijssel '' , thereby giving the province its modern name .	ceded	surrendered	transferred	granted	pledged	donated	conceded	relinquished	leased	yielded	bequeathed
many parts of odessa were damaged during its siege and recapture on 10 april 1944 , when the city was finally liberated by the red army .	siege	bombardment	blockade	garrison	capture	campaign	conquest	defence	rescue	surrender	recapture
the city was first founded by the british in 1827 , who leased the island from spain during the colonial period .	leased	occupied	rented	purchased	took	licensed	contracted	reclaimed	appropriated	recaptured	sampled
in reference to the landscape , bush describes a wooded area , intermediate between a shrubland and a forest , generally of dry and nitrogen-poor soil , mostly grassless , thin to thick woody shrubs and bushes , under a sparse canapy of eucalypts .	sparse	thick	dense	thin	scarce	scattered	loose	faint	coarse	minimal	marginal
the theory of incentive compatibility that hurwicz developed changed the way many economists thought about outcomes , explaining why centrally planned economies may fail and how incentives for individuals make a difference in decision making .	incentives	rewards	opportunities	outcomes	subsidies	alternatives	institutions	advantages	interventions	initiatives	individuals
the axe , or ax , is an implement that has been used for millennia to shape , split and cut wood , harvest timber , as a weapon and a ceremonial or heraldic symbol . the axe has many forms and specialized uses but generally consists of an axe head with a handle , or helve .	implement	instrument	object	axe	expression	equipment	tool	attribute	article	item	ax
but critics note that francis galton did not advocate coercion when he defined the principles of eugenics .	advocate	support	encourage	oppose	associate	propose	employ	embrace	outlaw	offer	affiliate
after its sale in 1998 , it merged into festival mushroom records .	merged	amalgamated	combined	changed	consolidated	developed	integrated	folded	formed	linked	mixed
cobra and tango and cash did solid business domestically but overseas they did blockbuster business grossing over $ 100 million in foreign markets and over $ 160 million worldwide .	grossing	earning	totaling	scoring	netting	costing	averaging	securing	purchasing	investing	billing
triangles can also be classified according to their internal angles , measured here in degrees .	classified	subdivided	grouped	categorized	described	divided	differentiated	graded	regarded	sorted	separated
later describing the experience as a `` nightmare , '' she was able to phone joe dimaggio from the clinic , who immediately traveled from florida to new york to facilitate her transfer to the columbia presbyterian medical center , where she remained for three weeks .	facilitate	coordinate	ensure	accommodate	permit	achieve	initiate	secure	ease	confirm	prompt
the pennines constitute the main watershed in northern england , dividing the eastern and western parts of the country .	constitute	form	comprise	are	represent	provide	occupy	compose	encompass	denote	commence
they locate food by smell , using sensors in the tip of their snout , and regularly feast on ants and termites .	snout	nose	tail	noses	beak	tails	muzzle	skull	nostrils	forehead	nosed
at present it is formed by the aa , which descends from the rigi and enters the southern extremity of the lake .	extremity	end	part	arm	side	edge	angle	tip	boundary	point	limit
specialized english operates in the civil society sector , and the developers aspire to make programs for a variety of public service purposes , subject to resources being available .	aspire	aim	strive	afford	attempt	as	undertake	claim	endeavor	endeavour	gaze
in this case , a relatively large kernel with sophisticated capabilities is adapted to suit an embedded environment .	sophisticated	advanced	complex	modern	specialized	complicated	elaborate	specialised	refined	detailed	rigorous
this period spanned the years from 1278 through 1288 .	spanned	encompassed	covered	embraced	stretched	reached	started	merged	crossed	wiped	leapt
realising that the gang could not elude the police forever , moondyne joe formulated a plan to escape the colony by traveling overland to the colony of south australia .	elude	escape	avoid	evade	dodge	flee	escaped	el	satisfy	eva	ignore
southeastern oklahoma , also known by its official tourism designation , kiamichi country , encompasses the southeastern quarter of the state of oklahoma .	encompasses	comprises	contains	covers	constitutes	incorporates	occupies	is	addresses	spans	surrounds
the a-train family comprises trains for both commuter services and limited express services .	comprises	includes	consists	encompasses	contains	provides	involves	denotes	employs	occupies	constitutes
in dna , adenine binds to thymine via two hydrogen bonds to assist in stabilizing the nucleic acid structures .	binds	connects	holds	joins	bonds	ties	coordinates	belongs	forms	contributes	maps
in 2001 , unesco inscribed the 2,750-year-old city on the world heritage list as samarkand - crossroads of cultures .	inscribed	listed	designated	engraved	erected	entered	added	bestowed	incorporated	honoured	enlisted
radames affirms that aida is the person he will marry , and aida convinces him to flee to the desert with her .	affirms	agrees	confirms	accepts	asserts	insists	maintains	acknowledges	states	implies	announces
like many bolshevik artists , eisenstein envisioned a new society which would subsidize artists totally , freeing them from the confines of bosses and budgets , leaving them absolutely free to create , but budgets and producers were as significant to the soviet film industry as the rest of the world .	envisioned	imagined	dreamed	conceived	depicted	anticipated	intended	proclaimed	contemplated	inhabited	projected
forming in the western caribbean sea during the first week of november , hurricane gordon became the twelfth tropical depression , the seventh named tropical storm , and the third hurricane of the 1994 atlantic hurricane season . an erratic , long-lived system which remained a tropical storm for most of its existence , it followed a winding path through the western caribbean and into florida before strengthening into a category 1 hurricane and threatening north carolina .	erratic	unusual	irregular	eccentric	uncertain	unpredictable	intermittent	unstable	unreliable	elusive	unconventional
the latter means basic or radical change ; whereas reform may be no more than fine tuning , or at most redressing serious wrongs without altering the fundamentals of the system .	altering	changing	affecting	improving	modifying	violating	disturbing	increasing	manipulating	adjusting	injuring
the kyoto protocol was adopted at the third session of the conference of parties to the unfccc in 1997 in kyoto , japan .	adopted	approved	agreed	passed	established	accepted	enacted	ratified	taken	endorsed	issued
from 1885 to 1901 , locomotives stopped at young tank to replenish their water .	replenish	supply	conserve	store	maintain	reserve	increase	feed	keep	exercise	update
stone floor tiles tend to be heavier than ceramic tiles and somewhat more prone to breakage during shipment .	prone	susceptible	likely	resistant	frequent	common	costly	unlikely	liable	robust	hazard
to enjoy qin songs , one must learn to become accustomed to the eccentric style some players may sing their songs to , like in the case of zha fuxi .	eccentric	different	unusual	unconventional	particular	musical	eclectic	strange	bizarre	informal	improvised
a voluntary association or union is a group of individuals who voluntarily enter into an agreement to form a body to accomplish a purpose .	accomplish	achieve	fulfill	serve	implement	pursue	attain	perform	realize	obtain	satisfy
it is the teaching that , as a consequence of the fall of man , every person born into the world is enslaved to the service of sin and , apart from the efficacious or prevenient grace of god , is utterly unable to choose to follow god or choose to accept salvation as it is freely offered .	efficacious	actual	benevolent	adequate	irresistible	abundant	extraordinary	inclusive	exemplary	immense	e
he was kidnapped and held by the notorious pirate peter easton in harbour grace .	notorious	famous	infamous	famed	legendary	ruthless	reputed	treacherous	vicious	outlawed	titular
as a result of this acquisition and the legal dispute with hearst corporation , mandrakesoft announced that the new company name would be mandriva , and that mandriva linux would be the new name covering products .	dispute	conflict	fight	battle	settlement	argument	controversy	claim	struggle	debate	contest
despite almost daily reports of missing property , he was able to evade capture until 15 february , when a man named wimbow , who had been pursuing him with a partner for days , found him in an area of thick brush called liberty plains and shot him .	evade	avoid	escape	dodge	flee	resist	escaped	avoided	pursue	avoiding	avoids
he was born at plessiel , a hamlet of drucat near abbeville , to a long-established family of picardy , the great-nephew of the painter eustache le sueur .	hamlet	village	part	town	settlement	locality	parish	portion	community	borough	shed
the man in the high castle occurs in an alternate universe united states ruled by the victorious axis powers .	alternate	original	extended	parallel	extra	actual	inner	inter	early	anti	expanded
their quick acceleration makes them suitable for services with short intervals between stations .	suitable	useful	appropriate	popular	convenient	sufficient	compatible	fitting	attractive	pleasant	favourable
aung san suu kyi returned to burma in 1988 to take care of her ailing mother .	ailing	sick	dying	ill	elderly	injured	aged	old	growing	struggling	ai
progress in developing the tar was hindered by political and economic obstacles throughout the 1960s , 1970s and early 1980s .	obstacles	difficulties	barriers	restrictions	challenges	hurdles	opportunities	opposition	limitations	objectives	avenues
in 1832 his family emigrated thence to belleville , ontario , where he apprenticed with the printer at the town newspaper , the belleville intelligencer .	emigrated	moved	migrated	immigrated	relocated	escaped	fled	proceeded	departed	exported	embarked
ohio state also announced in 2006 , that it would be designating at least $ 110 million of its research efforts to what it termed `` fundamental concerns '' such as research towards a cure for cancer , renewable energy sources and sustainable drinking water supplies .	fundamental	basic	essential	major	vital	core	global	foundation	profound	intrinsic	primal
long ago , there was a decision by the late former prime minister , rafik hariri , to restore the synagogue and surround it with a garden .	restore	rebuild	improve	repair	preserve	recover	revive	regain	conserve	return	remake
port arthur was also the destination for juvenile convicts , receiving many boys , some as young as nine arrested for stealing toys .	juvenile	young	youth	teenage	adolescent	child	youthful	criminal	junior	trainee	cadet
notrium is played from a top-down perspective , giving an overhead view of proceedings .	perspective	view	viewpoint	angle	vantage	projection	focus	trajectory	premise	visibility	timeline
the international re-formed in 1923 , and was reconstituted again , in its present form , after world war ii .	reconstituted	reorganized	reformed	constituted	formed	restored	reunited	founded	assembled	gathered	reinstated
the amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .	tributaries	headwaters	basins	sources	derivatives	rivers	satellites	subsidiaries	drains	predecessors	components
the sunnah is seen as crucial to guiding interpretation of the qur ` an .	crucial	key	vital	essential	important	critical	necessary	pivotal	fundamental	decisive	helpful
the avesta is the primary collection of sacred texts of zoroastrianism , composed in the avestan language .	composed	written	created	published	constructed	recorded	formed	constituted	collected	formulated	scored
typically , the biggest difference between film and stage musicals is the use of lavish background scenery which would be impractical in a theater .	lavish	elaborate	extravagant	rich	expensive	large	extensive	heavy	spectacular	massive	costly
following the hassles ' demise in 1969 , he formed the duo attila with hassles drummer jon small .	demise	death	dissolution	breakup	downfall	formation	termination	fate	resignation	conclusion	tenure
there they signed a collective protest , and vowed their newspapers would continue to run .	vowed	promised	said	pledged	swore	wished	decided	proclaimed	proved	sworn	decreed
the first amniotes , such as casineria , resembled small lizards and evolved from amphibian reptiliomorphs about 340 million years ago .	resembled	were	appeared	became	featured	shaped	represented	comprised	faced	included	adorned
in 1999 , a world tamil confederation was established to protect and foster tamil culture and further a sense of togetherness amongst tamils in different countries .	foster	promote	develop	create	strengthen	stimulate	safeguard	revive	flourish	favour	protect
for much of the twentieth century it was used by the queensland government as a settlement for aboriginals considered guilty of such infractions as being `` disruptive '' , being pregnant to a white man or being born with `` mixed blood '' .	infractions	crimes	offences	offenses	violations	acts	actions	charges	things	abuses	mistakes
historically , in the warm mediterranean and middle eastern climates , the courtyard served to accommodate the large number of worshippers during friday prayers .	accommodate	facilitate	support	serve	permit	encompass	relocate	contain	harbor	capacity	berth
john mccain polled 62.5 % in the 2008 presidential election while 70.9 % of utahns opted for george w. bush in 2004 .	opted	voted	chose	decided	campaigned	preferred	volunteered	voting	participated	accounted	favoured
throughout most of the film , his only true friend , aside from his mother , is the mouse , timothy - a relationship parodying the stereotypical animosity between mice and elephants .	animosity	rivalry	relationship	hostility	friendship	hatred	opposition	aggression	bitterness	sentiment	disdain
the band is known for its large line-up , which consists of nine members ; including a vocalist , two guitarists , a bassist , two percussionists in addition to a primary drummer , a sampler , and a turntablist .	vocalist	singer	drummer	bassist	frontman	soprano	novelist	rapper	narrator	performer	protagonist
digital signatures are equivalent to traditional handwritten signatures in many respects ; properly implemented digital signatures are more difficult to forge than the handwritten type .	forge	produce	break	create	fake	achieve	secure	verify	generate	copy	sign
his linguistic capacity , thoughts and speeches correspond to those of modern man , including a vast knowledge about history , politics , philosophy and literature .	vast	large	thorough	tremendous	deep	immense	gigantic	rich	great	superficial	formidable
recent archaeological evidence may indicate an edomite nation as long ago as the 11th century bc , but the topic is controversial and others argue that the 8th or 9th century dates are correct .	evidence	proof	support	material	information	activity	testimony	experience	record	witness	trace
triton was revealed to have remarkable active geysers and polar caps .	remarkable	both	very	large	several	unusually	extraordinary	notable	numerous	unusual	exceptionally
polar bear fur consists of a layer of dense underfur and an outer layer of guard hairs , which appear white to tan but are actually transparent .	transparent	clear	opaque	white	yellow	yellowish	tinted	clearer	visible	invisible	glass
the most common reason for erecting a khachkar was for votive reasons - for the salvation of the soul of either a living or a deceased person .	deceased	dead	died	departed	dying	living	fallen	widowed	retired	committed	childless
scene 2 : the doctor rushes by the captain in the street , who urges him to slow down .	urges	tells	orders	advises	encourages	leads	influences	insists	commands	tips	charms
warner also set a super bowl record by attempting 45 passes without a single interception .	attempting	making	trying	completing	failing	appearing	achieving	approaching	covering	executing	initiating
a carotenoid dye , crocin , allows saffron to impart a rich golden-yellow hue to dishes and textiles . saffron has further medicinal applications .	golden-yellow	yellow	reddish	brown	yellowish	metallic	floral	blond	bronze	brownish	horticultural
the revival of lute in the 20th century revitalized the interest of composers in the instruments of the lute family .	revival	resurgence	renaissance	restoration	rebirth	return	recovery	reunion	resort	reissue	salvage
urepel is a commune in the pyrnes - atlantiques department in south-western france .	south-western	west	western	northwestern	central	northwest	northern	the	french	modern	westward
ge_lson de carvalho soares or simply ge_lson , is a striker .	striker	player	footballer	goalkeeper	writer	midfielder	brazilian	forward	portuguese	coach	winger
lancelot de carles called her `` beautiful with an elegant figure '' , and a venetian in paris in 1528 also reported that she was said to be beautiful .	reported	noted	described	claimed	recorded	said	observed	confirmed	wrote	remarked	engaged
in 2005 , benson collaborated with artist jamie mckelvie on a short story within the image comics collection four letter worlds .	collaborated	worked	partnered	teamed	participated	commissioned	contributed	merged	accompanied	embarked	authored
beaurieux is a commune in the department of aisne in picardy in northern france .	department	district	division	region	town	arrondissement	municipality	direction	diocese	ministry	commune
he is notable as a performer of australian traditional folk songs in an authentic style .	performer	singer	vocalist	presenter	player	producer	musician	practitioner	soloist	specialist	participant
fired by enthusiasm , tolstoy returned to yasnaya polyana and founded thirteen schools for his serfs ' children , based on ground-breaking libertarian principles tolstoy described in his 1862 essay `` the school at yasnaya polyana '' .	enthusiasm	excitement	passion	this	ambition	himself	anger	fire	him	emotion	fever
companies may also take out strike insurance prior to an anticipated strike , to help offset the losses which the strike would cause .	companies	firms	businesses	they	people	cities	workers	employers	corporations	these	those
in 2006 , nippon ichi released a sequel called for the playstation 2 , as well as a 12 episode long anime titled makai senki disgaea .	titled	called	named	entitled	dubbed	directed	,	labeled	composed	headed	designated
the false gharial , also known as the malayan gharial , false gavial , or tomistoma is a fresh-water reptile resembling a crocodile with a very thin and elongated snout , which is thicker than the gharial .	elongated	extended	angled	arched	elliptical	long	oversized	altered	expanded	abbreviated	eccentric
he held several senior positions in the royal flying corps during world war i , serving as the commander of royal flying corps in france from 1915 to 1917 .	senior	prominent	leadership	junior	significant	command	major	general	prestigious	central	powerful
fernando navarro i corbacho is a spanish footballer who currently plays for sevilla fc , as a left defender .	defender	back	player	midfielder	winger	guard	fullback	hitter	footballer	cornerback	keeper
throughout recorded history , several cosmologies and cosmogonies have been proposed to account for observations of the universe .	observations	aspects	events	measurements	studies	parts	phenomena	views	portions	beliefs	findings
saint-montan is a commune in the ardche department in south-eastern france .	department	district	division	region	section	municipality	arrondissement	commune	sector	diocese	direction
the term is also at times used as a derogatory term for films or sequels of films that are of inferior quality , or are not expected to find financial success .	derogatory	negative	controversial	humorous	vulgar	racist	harsh	generic	satirical	racial	hostile
the hush sound is currently on hiatus .	hiatus	tour	pause	hold	rotation	resume	retirement	contract	recess	suspension	rehearsals
mainstream music denotes music that is familiar and unthreatening to the masses , as for example popular music , pop music , middle of the road music , pop rap or soft rock ; mainstream jazz is generally seen as an evolution of be-bop , which was originally regarded as radical .	denotes	means	implies	is	describes	comprises	indicates	signifies	involves	incorporates	employs
edwards attended west buckland school where his potential for the triple jump was spotted at an early age .	potential	talent	capacity	ability	variety	opportunity	possibility	flair	role	spirit	caliber
inheriting a collapsing empire and faced with constant warfare during his reign against both the seljuk turks in asia minor and the normans in the western balkans , alexios was able to halt the byzantine decline and begin the military , financial , and territorial recovery known as the `` komnenian restoration '' .	reign	rule	tenure	time	period	throne	campaign	coronation	service	realm	serve
in the census of 2005 , the population of the banja luka region was at 709,000 residents , predominantly serb .	residents	inhabitants	people	members	persons	settlers	individuals	homes	speakers	locations	civilians
monte plata is a province of the dominican republic , and also the name of its capital city . it was split from san crist_bal in 1992 .	province	district	region	city	municipality	department	town	county	division	governorate	river
it is sent as an http header by a web server to a web browser and then sent back unchanged by the browser each time it accesses that server .	accesses	uses	visits	enters	encounters	attacks	hits	opens	selects	approaches	abstracts
in contrast , the 2007 microp_dia has roughly 65,000 articles , the vast majority of which contain fewer than 750 words , no references , and no named contributors .	fewer	less	more	greater	smaller	lesser	larger	weaker	poorer	wilder	<
by 1961 , gordy had appointed robinson vice-president of motown records , a title robinson held for as long as gordy remained with the company .	remained	stayed	stood	continued	appeared	retained	returned	persisted	lingered	departed	resided
from 1908 to 1911 he was the principal conductor of the vienna hofoper succeeding gustav mahler ; he retained the conductorship of the vienna philharmonic until 1927 .	retained	maintained	held	kept	remained	continued	shared	resumed	upheld	defended	conserved
mexican cinnamon hot chocolate is traditionally served alongside a variety of mexican pastries known as pan dulce and , as in spain , churros .	traditionally	typically	usually	commonly	generally	historically	often	also	originally	predominantly	formerly
slaves were previously introduced by the british and french who colonized the island in the 18th century .	introduced	brought	used	reintroduced	added	carried	imported	established	provided	present	sold
cholera , sometimes known as asiatic or epidemic cholera , is an infectious gastroenteritis caused by enterotoxin-producing strains of the bacterium vibrio cholerae .	strains	varieties	spores	variants	cells	versions	types	bacteria	generations	cultures	mutations
a hurricane struck dominica and puerto rico between july 22 and july 24 .	struck	touched	hit	ravaged	rocked	threatened	reached	sustained	formed	visited	fractured
in 1975 the old district steinfurt was merged with the district tecklenburg , and together with greven and saerbeck from the former district m_nster the current district was formed .	formed	created	made	founded	born	composed	shaped	joined	reformed	organised	reduced
it was discovered by a team of astronomers led by brett j. gladman , et al . in 2003 .	discovered	found	observed	detected	named	identified	published	determined	located	announced	obtained
cyanobacteria , also known as blue-green algae , blue-green bacteria or cyanophyta , is a phylum of bacteria that obtain their energy through photosynthesis .	obtain	derive	get	source	gain	acquire	attain	achieve	gather	generate	derives
she finally divorced monroe in 1947 and also split with guy .	split	broke	separated	parted	married	divided	got	went	reunited	cut	released
criss is a commune in the sarthe department in the pays de la loire region in north-western france .	region	area	department	country	place	group	district	period	division	company	decade
dan pulled in ruth marie as a fifth person in his alliance , but after losing another immunity challenge , sally convinced the la mina men that she was a more valuable player .	convinced	told	persuaded	showed	taught	impressed	inspired	led	fooled	motivated	influenced
greater armenia is an armenian irredentist political goal aimed at uniting with armenia most of the armenian highland , the historical homeland of the armenians since antiquity up until the armenian genocide when they were massacred and forcefully expelled by the ottoman turkish government .	forcefully	then	eventually	later	completely	violently	subsequently	gradually	mostly	fully	brutally
lightcurve data for europa has been particularly tricky to interpret , so much so for a long time its period of rotation was in dispute despite numerous observations .	tricky	difficult	complicated	complex	problematic	straightforward	crucial	simple	tight	colourful	contentious
it is typically used for scraping or cutting food before the food enters the esophagus .	scraping	peeling	wiping	cleaning	slicing	hammering	smoothing	hacking	sliding	sampling	churning
city of faizabad is the headquarters of faizabad district and a municipal board in the state of uttar pradesh , india , situated on the banks of river ghaghra .	headquarters	center	capital	offices	chief	centers	hq	leaders	capitals	seats	settlements
the name kalganup is believed to be the noongar word for ` place of many waters ' .	believed	thought	said	known	considered	reported	understood	held	expected	supposed	likely
romano fogli is an italian retired footballer and former manager .	retired	former	professional	veteran	active	graduated	disbanded	deceased	experienced	recovered	ex
it overwinters in conifer groves .	conifer	pine	cypress	spruce	fir	tree	forest	redwood	cedar	the	forested
in mid-june 2006 , the slab was crumbling in frequent rockfalls , although it was still being extruded .	extruded	produced	excavated	worked	assembled	carved	formed	eroded	manufactured	rebuilt	engineered
the billionaire of dismal downs is a scrooge mcduck comic by don rosa . it is the ninth of the original 12 chapters in the series the life and times of scrooge mcduck .	series	collection	books	miniseries	title	group	trilogy	original	comics	comic	family
hms guardian set out before the convict ships but struck ice after leaving the cape of good hope , returned to southern africa and was wrecked on the coast .	returned	went	sent	back	continued	turned	reported	sailed	referred	headed	due
the concept of a `` picture element '' dates to the earliest days of television , for example as `` bildpunkt '' in the 1888 german patent of paul nipkow .	concept	idea	notion	system	theory	character	term	possibility	phenomenon	complex	topic
on 1 october 1983 the pilot project began operations as a full-fledged bank and was renamed the grameen bank to make loans to poor bangladeshis .	full-fledged	proper	fledged	capable	real	chartered	mainstream	functional	mature	true	functioning
a lesson is a structured period of time where learning is intended to occur .	structured	planned	systematic	prescribed	targeted	short	disciplined	constructed	scheduled	scripted	standardized
it has been suggested that eastern pacific ocean tropical cyclones are formed out of tropical waves that originate in north africa as well .	originate	occur	begin	arise	arrive	exist	start	converge	initiate	source	intercept
riel sought to preserve mtis rights and culture as their homelands in the northwest came progressively under the canadian sphere of influence .	sought	attempted	seeks	desired	seeking	aimed	advocated	pursued	intended	noted	targeted
they are characterized by spirituality and metaphysical themes , extremely long takes , lack of conventional dramatic structure and plot , and memorable cinematography .	cinematography	scenes	visuals	photography	imagery	shots	filming	sequences	footage	filmmaking	cameras
seismograms are essential for measuring earthquakes using the richter scale .	essential	important	necessary	vital	used	crucial	useful	fundamental	required	integral	helpful
but , from time to time the church hierarchy , and even some popes , have given opinions on various matters ; although these `` guidelines '' are not binding on catholics , many tradition-minded catholics find them persuasive .	persuasive	useful	compelling	valid	convincing	practical	popular	helpful	plausible	comforting	reassuring
a haunted house is defined as a house that is believed to be a center for supernatural occurrences or paranormal phenomena .	occurrences	events	experiences	incidents	phenomena	activities	instances	observations	situations	encounters	formations
glaciologically , ice age implies the presence of extensive ice sheets in the northern and southern hemispheres ; by this definition we are still in the ice age that began at the start of the pleistocene .	definition	description	criterion	method	notion	conception	statement	design	interpretation	designation	diagnosis
from scarborough monday to saturdays there is generally an hourly first transpennine express service to york , leeds , manchester piccadilly and liverpool lime street and a two-hourly northern rail service to bridlington , hull and sheffield via the yorkshire coast line .	generally	usually	also	normally	typically	currently	often	approximately	initially	roughly	broadly
the county is divided into three areas of unorganized territory : dupree , north ziebach , and south ziebach .	divided	split	subdivided	placed	broken	separated	given	torn	located	taken	sub
the pittsburgh steelers are a professional american football team based in pittsburgh , pennsylvania .	based	located	headquartered	found	residing	situated	centered	from	living	born	released
during the final immunity challenge , sandra fell out early , allowing jon to try to convince lil to take him to the final two .	final	first	second	last	third	fourth	initial	preliminary	fifth	ultimate	bottom
avian influenza virus h3n2 is endemic in pigs in china and has been detected in pigs in vietnam , increasing fears of the emergence of new variant strains .	detected	found	discovered	caught	observed	recorded	spotted	demonstrated	noticed	sighted	landed
and though often viewed as a youthful expression of rebellion by the mainstream media , modern punk embodies a range of age groups who generally disagree with the perceived of countercultural principals and it is not uncommon for middle-aged people to form punk houses and resistance movements in the face of what they view as the widespread , unfair exploitation of human and animal rights .	exploitation	manipulation	abuse	oppression	suppression	infringement	repression	extraction	use	harvesting	utilization
grolangheim is a municipality in the district of kitzingen in bavaria in germany .	municipality	town	village	city	community	borough	township	parish	hamlet	commune	member
he received many awards , among them a posthumous special citation from the pulitzer prize board in 2007 for his `` masterful improvisation , supreme musicianship and iconic centrality to the history of jazz . ''	received	won	accepted	collected	obtained	took	served	selected	placed	conducted	responded
when a fair weather waterspout makes landfall it quickly dissipates as it loses the inflow of warm air into the vortex .	dissipates	collapses	sinks	fades	forms	drains	dies	loses	separates	states	flees
its purpose is to promote free trade and the fluid movement of goods , people , and currency .	fluid	free	international	orderly	fair	open	smooth	easy	flexible	peaceful	liberal
most of the state lies in an area known as tornado alley characterized by frequent interaction between cold and warm air masses producing severe weather .	interaction	exchange	impact	encounter	contact	association	influence	mixing	combination	appearance	incident
the reservoir has a volume of 4.26 mio m and a surface area of 0.25 km .	reservoir	lake	dam	pond	catchment	pool	facility	field	tank	source	barrage
after receiving the news of the important award , yunus announced that he would use part of his share of the $ 1.4 million award money to create a company to make low-cost , high-nutrition food for the poor ; while the rest would go toward setting up an eye hospital for the poor in bangladesh .	announced	declared	stated	said	revealed	proclaimed	informed	unveiled	ordered	released	advertised
phillip was appointed governor of new south wales , the first european colony on the australian continent , and was the founder of the site which is now the city of sydney .	appointed	named	made	the	commissioned	elected	established	created	installed	confirmed	acclaimed
toshiba was founded by the merging of two companies in 1939 .	merging	combining	joining	uniting	unification	forming	linking	blending	amalgamation	grouping	signing
after crossing florida , hurricane hunters indicated a poorly defined circulation , but with winds exceeding tropical storm strength , and the system was designated as tropical storm erika late on august 14 while located 85 miles west of fort myers .	indicated	observed	noted	identified	showed	reported	suggested	demonstrated	outlined	evidenced	implied
eucalyptus forests in california have been criticised because they compete with native plants and do not support native animals .	criticised	condemned	threatened	attacked	controversial	blamed	questioned	proposed	banned	investigated	persecuted
after the demise of the whl , however , the stanley cup was awarded exclusively to the nhl playoff champion , and the wales trophy was given to the regular season champion .	exclusively	solely	only	primarily	entirely	specifically	strictly	mainly	purely	independently	universally
it was discovered and opened about the same time as crystal cave , but was closed by the owners in the 1940s .	discovered	found	located	founded	rediscovered	uncovered	noticed	created	explored	revealed	detected
italy purchased the city in 1905 and made mogadishu the capital of italian somaliland .	purchased	bought	acquired	claimed	sold	captured	owned	seized	obtained	patented	chartered
sir terence david john pratchett , obe , more commonly known as terry pratchett , is an english novelist , known for his frequently comical work in the fantasy genre .	novelist	writer	author	journalist	cartoonist	narrator	fiction	publisher	businessman	filmmaker	protagonist
students are obligated to attend the central high school .	obligated	required	forced	compelled	expected	allowed	mandated	ordered	exempt	ob	disposed
the technique consists of precoding the data so as to cancel the effect of the interference .	technique	method	process	procedure	principle	practice	scheme	concept	strategy	methodology	treatment
in 1989 , these diversified interests started growing into separate organizations , as the fisheries project became grameen motsho and the irrigation project became grameen krishi .	organizations	groups	institutions	entities	associations	structures	operations	corporations	agencies	offices	outfits
in august 1995 , the ttc suffered its worst subway accident in what it refers to as the russell hill accident , on the yonge-university-spadina line south of st. clair west station .	suffered	had	experienced	witnessed	lost	saw	sustained	claimed	gained	incurred	fell
the short-beaked echidna is an iconic animal in contemporary australia , notably appearing on the australian five-cent piece and on a $ 200 commemorative coin released in 1992 .	contemporary	western	modern	current	indigenous	metropolitan	colonial	australian	coastal	mainland	broader
gygax is generally acknowledged as the father of role-playing games .	generally	often	usually	commonly	widely	typically	sometimes	largely	normally	traditionally	broadly
after 1910 , he spent the remainder of his life in moscow , working in the marfo-mariinsky convent .	remainder	rest	majority	latter	duration	portion	bulk	subsequent	surplus	minority	termination
situated 13 miles southeast of seattle , washington , renton straddles the southeast shore of lake washington .	situated	located	positioned	centred	approximately	established	about	precisely	anchored	erected	found
in the third book , harry potter and the prisoner of azkaban , rowling uses a time travel premise .	premise	plot	concept	device	narrative	metaphor	scheme	technique	paradigm	experiment	perspective
yass is a prominent area for raising sheep which produce very fine wool due to the soil and climatic conditions of the yass area .	prominent	notable	popular	famous	leading	common	significant	distinguished	prevalent	desirable	predominant
annual production of lego bricks averages approximately 20 billion per year , or about 600 pieces per second : if all the lego bricks ever produced were to be divided equally among a world population of six billion , each person would have 62 lego bricks .	averages	is	reaches	totals	estimates	equals	amounts	comprises	tops	encompasses	targets
historians are undecided if lincoln actually said this line , and in a letter that stowe wrote to her husband a few hours after meeting with lincoln no mention of this comment was made .	undecided	uncertain	unsure	unclear	unknown	doubtful	divided	debating	ambiguous	split	uncertainty
the interest was so great that developers found themselves advertising the parks rather than their own developments , as the highest prices would exist for the park perceived to be best .	advertising	marketing	promoting	selling	expanding	offering	ad	targeting	announcing	ordering	contracting
it generally consists of a shallow pool of water , usually quite calm .	generally	usually	typically	commonly	often	normally	largely	broadly	roughly	traditionally	widely
a tropical cyclone strikes eastern cuba on september 28 .	strikes	hits	attacks	forms	reaches	impacts	battles	damages	blows	lashes	rocks
the romans believed the fumes produced by burning castoreum could induce an abortion ; paracelsus thought it could be used in the treatment of epilepsy ; and medieval beekeepers used it to increase honey production .	produced	created	released	made	generated	formed	caused	left	achieved	fired	forged
phosgene can be detected at 0.4 ppm , which is four times the threshold limit value .	detected	observed	discovered	found	measured	identified	sensed	spotted	recorded	inspected	characterised
he invites his sister , may belle to enter terabithia ; she is delighted because she was previously denied any opportunity to enter .	denied	refused	rejected	granted	barred	dismissed	forbidden	blocked	provided	suppressed	excluded
oat bread was first manufactured in england , where the first oat bread factory was established in 1899 .	manufactured	produced	made	constructed	marketed	conceived	formed	synthesized	practised	pronounced	regulated
the trans-asian railway is a project to create an integrated freight railway network across europe and asia .	create	build	establish	make	provide	form	develop	produce	become	present	complete
if the object has exactly the same density as the fluid , then its buoyancy equals its weight .	fluid	water	liquid	gas	material	flow	solvent	vapor	stream	solid	volume
they have also been observed in captivity catching spiny dogfish of up to 3-4 feet in length .	observed	seen	reported	witnessed	recorded	found	caught	identified	exhibited	operated	evidenced
in mid-november 2008 , president-elect obama and clinton discussed the possibility of her serving as u.s. secretary of state in his administration , and on november 21 , reports indicated that she had accepted the position .	indicated	suggested	appeared	showed	revealed	stated	emerged	implied	conveyed	displayed	evidenced
outcast of redwall is a fantasy novel by brian jacques , published in 1995 .	novel	book	story	series	fiction	tale	thriller	work	paperback	written	mystery
with the others bailed out for various food items , tom was the last man standing and won immunity .	various	different	certain	other	some	common	respective	miscellaneous	alternative	dubious	sometime
thus , on unification day , october 3 , 1990 , the german democratic republic ceased to exist , giving way to five new federal states , and east and west berlin were also unified as a single city , forming a sixth new federal state . the new federal states immediately became parts of the federal republic of germany , so that it was enlarged to include the whole territory of the former east germany .	territory	land	area	region	space	portion	sphere	principality	wilderness	tract	mound
in the opening and middlegame , the king will rarely play an active role in the development of an offensive or defensive position .	rarely	never	usually	not	seldom	typically	frequently	barely	commonly	occasionally	sparsely
the most troublesome situation usually occurs with short journeys from west to east .	troublesome	difficult	severe	unpleasant	problematic	serious	unfortunate	painful	violent	deadly	unacceptable
barnes & noble , inc. is the largest book retailer in the united states , operating mainly through its barnes & noble booksellers chain of bookstores headquartered in lower fifth avenue in lower manhattan , new york city .	headquartered	located	launched	based	stationed	,	situated	centered	anchored	flagship	nationwide
hurricane-force wind gusts were reported in new england .	hurricane-force	strong	force	strength	high	storm	power	degree	season	level	scale
spain and luxembourg currently have bourbon monarchs .	currently	presently	also	generally	previously	similarly	typically	thus	additionally	subsequently	briefly
the toys are similar to many other small plush toys , however , each webkinz toy has an attached tag with a unique `` secret code '' printed on it that allows access to the `` webkinz world '' website .	unique	special	different	distinct	specific	distinctive	single	memorable	custom	mysterious	singular
jamie farr is an american television and film actor and popular game show panelist .	panelist	host	judge	contestant	participant	personality	commentator	presenter	moderator	guest	speaker
however , the availability of suitable habitat is critical : forest must be neither too old nor too young .	availability	supply	abundance	accessibility	existence	absence	acquisition	allocation	occurrence	application	eligibility
he enrolled at papanui high school , then university of canterbury , but for only one year .	enrolled	entered	began	registered	enlisted	attended	engaged	boarded	embarked	initiated	interned
famous for hosting the annual rose bowl football game and the tournament of roses parade , pasadena is the home of many leading scientific and cultural institutions , including the california institute of technology , pasadena city college , the jet propulsion laboratory , art center college of design , the pasadena playhouse , california school of culinary arts pasadena , the norton simon museum of art and the pacific asia museum .	leading	prominent	major	premier	renowned	important	famous	eminent	emerging	pioneering	foremost
bunch is a small unincorporated community in southwestern adair county , oklahoma , united states .	community	area	town	village	settlement	location	development	locality	subdivision	hamlet	destination
the association of virtue with withdrawal from society - and specifically from cities - was a familiar theme in religious literature .	theme	topic	motif	subject	concept	metaphor	feature	genre	element	issue	problem
she has three older brothers : aaron , benjamin , and nathaniel , the latter of whom is a model and actor .	latter	former	last	younger	other	remainder	remaining	heavier	youngest	neither	rear
before meeting the sacramento river , the san joaquin river has two distributary rivers , the old river and the middle river , both of which once were the main channels of the river . due to the bend in the san joaquin river channel at the head of the old river , a significant portion of the san joaquin river flow continues down the old river instead of heading northward along the san joaquin .	significant	major	small	large	notable	substantial	considerable	smaller	sizable	portion	noteworthy
the primary trinity included tinia , uni and menrva .	primary	first	main	tertiary	secondary	original	third	initial	central	core	trinity
tolstoy was born in yasnaya polyana , the family estate in the tula region of russia .	estate	house	property	farm	home	seat	land	domain	station	plantation	enterprise
the earthquake engineering research institute is a leader in dissemination of earthquake engineering research related information both in the u.s. and globally .	research	information	science	reference	study	development	review	work	radio	reform	r
notable former managers of notts county include jimmy sirrel , neil warnock , howard kendall and sam allardyce .	former	current	past	previous	retired	defunct	senior	top	recent	local	male
in addition to local research conducted at the radio telescope , parkes scientists have assisted nasa for several missions as a southern hemisphere relay and communications station .	assisted	helped	joined	supported	aided	accompanied	served	provided	attended	participated	augmented
volcanologists frequently visit volcanoes , especially active ones , to observe volcanic eruptions , collect eruptive products including tephra , rock and lava samples .	frequently	often	regularly	commonly	generally	routinely	typically	widely	repeatedly	heavily	readily
pool , also known as pocket billiards , is the general term for a family of cue sports played on a pool table with six receptacles called pockets along the , into which balls are deposited as the main goal of play .	receptacles	areas	compartments	pockets	containers	slots	sections	chambers	spaces	sockets	tanks
he normally appears in a running gag , where he usually suffers unfortunate , nearly always fatal , events .	unfortunate	terrible	tragic	unpleasant	unexpected	unhappy	disastrous	unacceptable	exceptional	interesting	unlikely
most digital media are based on translating analog data into digital data and vice-versa .	translating	converting	turning	rendering	writing	encoding	reducing	compiling	mapping	expressing	copying
wrestlers portrayed a villain or a hero as they followed a series of events that built tension , and culminated into a wrestling match or series of matches .	villain	character	foe	traitor	nemesis	ally	partner	manager	negative	antagonist	sinister
not to be confused with `` terms '' in colloquial usages , the shortened form of technical terms which are defined within a discipline or speciality field .	discipline	field	subject	technique	specialty	profession	department	division	curriculum	genre	domain
a `` dune field '' is an area covered by extensive sand dunes .	extensive	large	substantial	widespread	elaborate	expansive	enormous	intensive	abundant	excessive	ample
107 camilla is one of the largest main belt asteroids .	largest	biggest	smallest	giant	major	oldest	smaller	longest	greatest	tallest	eldest
first mentioned by the ancient greek geographer ptolemy , the pre-christian settlement of the saxon people originally covered an area a little more to the northwest , with parts of the southern jutland peninsula , old saxony and small sections of the eastern low countries .	sections	portions	parts	areas	regions	segments	tracts	divisions	reaches	passages	stretches
jeanne demessieux had a prodigious memory : she had memorized more than 2,500 works , including the complete organ works of johann sebastian bach , csar franck , franz liszt , felix mendelssohn and marcel dupr .	prodigious	remarkable	great	formidable	splendid	magnificent	huge	brilliant	superb	monumental	powerful
at the end of each season , a series of playoff games are contested among the top six teams in the nfc , consisting of the four division champions and the two other teams with the best win-loss records .	contested	played	held	disputed	sought	competed	produced	comprised	coveted	shared	anticipated
veritas and undina would have been the largest fragments of that collision .	fragments	pieces	remnants	debris	bits	remains	components	parts	shards	survivors	chunks
after the partitions of poland in 1794 the area was annexed by prussia .	annexed	conquered	acquired	incorporated	invaded	administered	adopted	ceded	submitted	integrated	donated
the models initially had difficulty predicting the track of the depression and the forecasts from the national hurricane center reflected this , indicating that the depression would move towards texas .	reflected	revealed	echoed	expressed	mirrored	realized	did	mirror	yielded	addressed	countered
a british nobleman , lord stanhope , took an interest in hauser and gained custody of him late in 1831 .	gained	obtained	regained	acquired	took	retained	sought	achieved	attained	secured	became
simon phillip cowell is an english music executive , television producer and entrepreneur .	entrepreneur	businessman	activist	founder	author	investor	philanthropist	inventor	proprietor	broadcaster	explorer
the remnants of the depression persisted until 2 am edt at which time it was absorbed by a warm front .	absorbed	swallowed	enveloped	accepted	engulfed	acquired	adopted	integrated	incorporated	merged	intercepted
a good measure of notability is whether someone has been featured in multiple , independent , reliable sources .	multiple	numerous	several	two	many	different	various	separate	single	consecutive	five
it originally aired on the fox network in the united states on october 10 , 1991 .	aired	appeared	ran	premiered	opened	broadcast	screened	released	concluded	served	shown
religious law is explicitly based on religious precepts .	precepts	principles	law	laws	beliefs	traditions	practice	norms	doctrines	practices	customs
the principal greenhouse , in an art nouveau style with a modern metallic structure , resembles the mid-19th century crystal palace in london .	resembles	echoes	suggests	features	follows	recalls	depicts	reflects	copies	matches	references
metlink , formerly the met , is the marketing body and umbrella brand for public train , tram and bus transport operators in greater melbourne , victoria , australia .	brand	name	label	group	term	team	organisation	mark	logo	range	banner
on april 9 , 1919 , miss marcella sherwood , who supervised the mission day school for girls was bicycling round the city to close her schools when she was assaulted by a mob in a narrow street , the kucha kurrichhan , was beaten and left wounded .	assaulted	attacked	harassed	abducted	ambushed	approached	violated	overwhelmed	injured	ejected	intercepted
schoenberg refused , saying `` i would only make you a bad schoenberg , and you 're such a good gershwin already . ''	refused	declined	objected	obliged	insisted	rejected	protested	accepted	resisted	replied	disagreed
however media outlets soon found ways around the ban , initially by the use of subtitles , but later and more commonly by the use of an actor reading his words over the images of him speaking .	initially	first	generally	subsequently	originally	largely	previously	firstly	early	immediately	ultimately
however , the new king , louis xviii , knew that ideas of nationalism and democracy still lingered in his country ; hence the establishment and signing of the charte constitutionnelle franaise , the french constitution otherwise known as la charte .	hence	thus	therefore	and	particularly	consequently	namely	whereby	see	via	notwithstanding
in 1873 mine employers attempted to introduce saturday afternoon and sunday shifts .	attempted	tried	began	managed	sought	failed	aimed	intended	succeeded	enacted	addressed
he then settled in the avon valley , one of the most rugged and inaccessible places in the darling range .	inaccessible	isolated	remote	accessible	uninhabited	unknown	secluded	challenging	untouched	wilderness	unfamiliar
the central planets are firmly under alliance control , but the outlying planets and moons resemble the 19th century american west , with little governmental authority .	outlying	other	peripheral	southwestern	isolated	inner	adjoining	satellite	remote	associated	offshore
in 1639 , williams established a baptist church in providence , rhode island , and clarke began a baptist church in newport , rhode island .	established	founded	began	organized	formed	opened	created	initiated	acquired	erected	concluded
while each edition of windows 2000 was targeted to a different market , they share a core set of features , including many system utilities such as the microsoft management console and standard system administration applications .	core	central	common	basic	similar	base	fundamental	primary	complementary	distinct	center
the first conflict between the british and the marathas was the first anglo-maratha war which began in 1774 and resulted in the 1782 treaty of salbai , by which the island of salsette , adjacent to bombay island , was ceded to the british , while bharuch was ceded to the maratha ruler scindia .	adjacent	opposite	next	analogous	attached	contiguous	neighboring	anterior	additional	subsequent	affiliated
openoffice.org calc is the spreadsheet component of the openoffice.org software package .	component	part	portion	section	unit	core	constituent	variant	branch	subsidiary	subdivision
the countess tells him it is only susanna , trying on her wedding dress .	tells	told	informs	says	shows	gives	is	leaves	makes	gets	reads
early representations of the balalaika show it with anywhere from two to six strings , which resembles certain central asian instruments .	representations	depictions	illustrations	forms	examples	drawings	appearances	performances	versions	carvings	reliefs
additional praise was given to its scope and future potential based on user-created content ; minor criticism was reserved for specific elements of the gameplay mechanics and level creation facilities .	elements	aspects	parts	features	areas	issues	items	principles	details	themes	articles
loamhedge is a fantasy novel by brian jacques , published in 2003 .	published	released	written	printed	completed	produced	launched	introduced	held	discovered	founded
the eastern orthodox church accepts psalm 151 as canonical . roman catholics , protestants , and most jews consider it apocryphal .	consider	think	believe	regard	know	keep	respect	appreciate	judge	maintain	classify
he aided the doukhobors in migrating to canada .	aided	assisted	helped	supported	led	encouraged	facilitated	inspired	guided	enabled	organized
it is a permissive license , meaning that it permits reuse within proprietary software on the condition that the license is distributed with that software . the license is also gpl-compatible , meaning that the gpl permits combination and redistribution with software that uses the mit license .	permits	allows	enables	prohibits	supports	encourages	grants	forces	facilitates	provisions	proceeds
the battalion is usually part of a regiment , group or a brigade , depending on the organizational model used by that service .	usually	typically	always	often	generally	commonly	sometimes	normally	mostly	traditionally	originally
intense feelings of resentment trigger the initial retaliation , which causes the other party to feel equally aggrieved and vengeful .	retaliation	revenge	response	reaction	resentment	confrontation	hostility	counterattack	vengeance	backlash	rivalry
gravitational energy is the energy associated with the gravitational field .	associated	involved	related	identified	corresponding	affiliated	attributed	experienced	allied	concurrent	inherent
the dead body of a human is referred to as a cadaver , or corpse .	human	man	person	mortal	male	body	civilian	woman	vampire	people	pedestrian
marshal manuel deodoro da fonseca became the first president of the republic of brazil after heading a military coup that deposed emperor pedro ii .	coup	revolution	revolt	rebellion	plot	junta	dictatorship	conspiracy	mutiny	overthrow	crash
slipknot is a heavy metal band formed by vocalist and percussionist anders colsefni , guitarists donnie steele and josh `` gnar '' brainard , bassist paul gray , drummer joey jordison and percussionist shawn crahan , in des moines , iowa .	formed	founded	created	developed	established	composed	started	assembled	built	began	joined
the most recent goaltender to have scored a goal by deliberately shooting the puck into his opponents ' net was evgeni nabokov , in 2002 .	deliberately	intentionally	secretly	purposely	accidentally	not	personally	consciously	forcibly	precisely	supposedly
following the withdrawal of the more powerful class 74 electro-diesels in 1977 , the class 73 is now unique on the british railway network .	network	system	company	chain	scheme	route	platform	property	circuit	grid	franchise
upon receiving its classification , the depression consisted of a partially exposed low-level center with deep convection occupying the northeastern semicircle .	occupying	in	filling	comprising	entering	invading	throughout	adjoining	encompassing	assuming	overlapping
these notable synagogues include ; the great synagogue of rome , the new synagogue , the leopoldst_dter tempel , the grand choral synagogue , the great synagogue , the moscow choral synagogue , the great synagogue of florence , the great synagogue , plzen , the great synagogue , the ko ice orthodox synagogue , the novi sad synagogue , the szeged synagogue , the sofia synagogue and the great synagogue of oran .	notable	prominent	famous	significant	major	historic	large	several	remarkable	renowned	famed
most of the detainees were captured japanese and italian military personnel , on august 5 , 1944 at least 545 japanese pows attempted a mass breakout from the camp , in perhaps the largest prison escape in world history .	breakout	escape	revolt	uprising	retreat	release	evacuation	mutiny	exodus	escapes	theft
vinaigrette is a mixture of salad oil and vinegar , often flavored with herbs , spices , salt , pepper , sugar , and other ingredients .	ingredients	elements	components	materials	substances	items	preparations	additions	entries	constituents	influences
he supported the building of churches by distributing literature and providing ministers .	distributing	spreading	supplying	promoting	providing	selling	issuing	circulating	releasing	administering	lending
as of the early 21st century , christianity has between 1.5 billion and 2.2 billion adherents .	adherents	followers	members	practitioners	devotees	converts	inhabitants	proponents	attendees	viewers	respondents
many schools teach children to make sock puppets and then have the children put on shows or plays for the whole school with them , sometimes with all the sock puppets singing .	singing	playing	performing	dancing	sang	together	chanting	screaming	sung	participating	cheering
the word cereal derives from ceres , the name of the roman goddess of harvest and agriculture .	derives	comes	stems	originates	differs	descends	arises	forms	distinguishes	flows	converts
miramax films was last operated by daniel battsek who reported to rich ross , chairman of walt disney studios motion pictures .	operated	owned	run	served	conducted	led	managed	controlled	governed	administered	orchestrated
he is portrayed by mark hamill .	portrayed	played	depicted	performed	represented	presented	voiced	appeared	introduced	embodied	hosted
super smash bros. was developed by hal laboratory , a nintendo second-party developer , during .	developed	created	built	designed	released	produced	written	redeveloped	played	ported	hosted
the northern and western edges of the cotswolds are marked by steep escarpments down to the severn valley and the warwickshire avon .	escarpments	cliffs	slopes	ridges	sides	terraces	grades	edges	defences	declines	ramps
they renamed the place alcante or alcanatif which means port of salt , due to the old salt industry of phoenicians and romans .	renamed	called	named	dubbed	rebranded	founded	nicknamed	changed	created	baptized	styled
it was founded in 1964 in hamilton , ontario by canadian hockey player tim horton and jim charade , after an initial venture in hamburger restaurants .	founded	established	started	formed	created	launched	begun	began	located	discovered	born
the annual mean temperature is 25 c ; regional mean temperatures range from 18 c in the heart of the cordillera central to as high as 27 c in arid regions .	annual	yearly	local	daily	overall	average	regional	biennial	seasonal	absolute	permanent
epistemology or theory of knowledge is the branch of philosophy concerned with the nature and scope of knowledge .	scope	extent	concept	basis	purpose	framework	constitution	scale	methodology	breadth	locus
the process is termed lichenometry .	termed	regarded	entitled	named	deemed	designated	constituted	principally	characterised	commenced	baptised
the name `` sea of corts '' is the one preferred by most local residents .	residents	inhabitants	citizens	members	locals	speakers	owners	dwellers	settlers	patients	islanders
the 1997 atlantic hurricane season officially began on june 1 , 1997 , and lasted until november 30 , 1997 .	lasted	continued	ended	stayed	went	waited	persisted	ran	lived	stretched	cried
this was the first time in survivor history that the two initial teams were not preselected by the producers .	preselected	chosen	selected	picked	revealed	created	decided	specified	announced	screened	drafted
the geological community generally accepts this hypothesis because it best explains sedimentary deposits generally regarded as of glacial origin at tropical paleolatitudes and other enigmatic features in the geological record .	hypothesis	theory	model	proposal	concept	thesis	scheme	scenario	doctrine	paradigm	geology
the hells angels , at the peak of their ` outlaw ' reputation , corralled lost children .	corralled	were	gathered	had	captured	found	collected	released	co	kidnapped	mustered
the roof of the west stand is corrugated iron this also houses the main television gantry which is accessed from the upper tier seating area by a temporary ladder .	tier	level	stage	deck	row	balcony	section	storey	terrace	truss	partition
it gradually decayed into a surface low pressure trough , and developed into two disturbances ; one was centered 290 miles south-southeast of cape cod and another was located 200 miles south of cape hatteras , north carolina .	gradually	slowly	eventually	steadily	then	rapidly	progressively	nearly	largely	successively	continuously
techno is a form of electronic dance music that emerged in detroit , michigan , us during the mid to late 1980s .	emerged	arose	appeared	developed	began	originated	evolved	occurred	erupted	formed	expanded
dhamtour has an average elevation of 1110 metres .	elevation	altitude	average	height	ascent	incidence	area	upland	income	enrollment	alpine
while in cambrai he collaborated with nicolas grenon on a complete revision of the liturgical musical collection of the cathedral , which included writing an extensive collection of polyphonic music for services .	included	was	added	involved	began	consisted	meant	continued	covered	started	finished
it is also the only one of the former provinces of south africa not to undergo border changes , excluding the incorporation of bantustans .	excluding	including	avoiding	preventing	unlike	beyond	notwithstanding	ignoring	overlooking	minus	qualifying
nevertheless , until the middle of the 20th century , agriculture dominated the canton .	nevertheless	however	still	therefore	although	nonetheless	indeed	furthermore	notwithstanding	subsequently	accordingly
the chain accounted for 22.6 % of all fast food industry revenues in canada in 2005 .	accounted	responsible	stood	provided	contributed	composed	aimed	amounted	participated	arrived	opted
whatever the truth of the rumors , james required a royal match to preserve the stuart line .	preserve	protect	save	maintain	destroy	seal	retain	keep	conserve	survive	ensure
in 2005 and 2006 , the bulgarian state railways begin operating desiro trains as part of a 67-million deal with siemens ag for a total of 25 diesel multiple units .	operating	running	using	performing	employing	serving	conducting	ordering	executing	broadcasting	airing
this category contains articles about albums released on island records .	contains	includes	holds	lists	incorporates	encompasses	addresses	displays	describes	delivers	portrays
their heaviest defeats in the league were 10 - 1 against fulham in 1963 and 9 - 0 against manchester united in 1995 .	heaviest	largest	biggest	worst	greatest	highest	lowest	strongest	deepest	longest	maximum
uniquely among mammals , these teeth are continuously replaced throughout life , with new teeth growing at the rear as older teeth fall out from farther forward in the mouth .	continuously	steadily	periodically	gradually	regularly	repeatedly	eventually	permanently	progressively	completely	annually
it is also known as a clothes iron , flat iron , or smoothing iron .	smoothing	rolling	rubbing	rough	straightening	cleaning	drying	curling	covering	grinding	soothing
some of the first inhabitants of gili trawangan were from sulawesi who are fishermen and farmers .	inhabitants	residents	settlers	people	occupants	ancestors	arrivals	peoples	invaders	representatives	youths
thousands of videos exist on youtube of users showing the original video to their friends and taping their reactions , although some videos seem to be staged .	taping	recording	watching	showing	filming	documenting	measuring	reviewing	sharing	logging	protesting
however , on 13 april 2008 , before the completion of the initial five years , it was announced that bryce was to become the next governor-general of australia .	initial	first	subsequent	original	additional	previous	final	following	early	inaugural	ensuing
kasem is best known by name as a music historian and disc jockey , most notably as host of the weekly american top 40 radio program from 1970 to 1988 , and again from march 1998 until january 10 , 2004 , when ryan seacrest succeeded him .	program	show	series	segment	host	broadcast	format	personality	portion	title	competition
liriodendron tulipifera , commonly known as the american tulip tree , tulip poplar or yellow poplar , is the western hemisphere representative of the two-species liriodendron genus and the tallest eastern hardwood .	commonly	often	generally	typically	also	usually	popularly	colloquially	widely	frequently	professionally
another allegation asserts that during the previous year , on saint bartholomew 's day , vlad had 30,000 of the merchants and officials of the transylvanian city of bra ov impaled for breaking his authority .	asserts	is	states	maintains	identifies	relates	establishes	concerns	recounts	emphasizes	expresses
the result is a region of braided streams , marshes , and lakes the size of belgium ; the seasonal floods make the delta extremely productive for both fishing and agriculture .	extremely	highly	very	incredibly	intensely	exceptionally	immensely	overwhelmingly	severely	exceeding	ultra
during one event , german charley attempting to prevent the theft of a racehorse from the coombing park stables was shot to death by mickey bourke .	prevent	stop	avoid	deter	protect	save	control	prohibit	halt	ensure	interrupt
the cheetah hunts by vision rather than by scent .	vision	sight	eye	view	perception	mind	seeing	blind	image	blindness	hearing
spun yarns may contain a single type of fiber , or be a blend of various types . combining synthetic fibers with natural fibers is very common .	various	several	different	numerous	many	certain	differing	similar	diverse	common	respective
the character may be speaking his or her thoughts aloud , directly addressing another character , or speaking to the audience , especially the former .	character	person	player	protagonist	actor	figure	hero	role	personality	writer	concept
the aar , a tributary of the rhine , is the longest river that both rises and ends entirely within switzerland .	rises	begins	rose	arises	raises	forms	lies	stands	originates	opens	springs
the atmosphere was so intense that gring , in a telephone call that evening , stated : `` there is unbelievable jubilation in austria .	stated	said	announced	spoke	declared	wrote	noted	released	described	provided	commented
the intent is to display the likeness , personality , and even the mood of the person .	intent	purpose	objective	aim	object	effort	emphasis	effect	premise	offense	impetus
kavirondo is the former name of the region surrounding kavirondo gulf as well as of two native peoples living there under the regime of british east africa .	former	current	previous	latter	historic	past	nominal	historical	defunct	earlier	prior
they are a type of reporter gene used in laboratory microbiology , molecular biology , and genetic engineering to indicate the success of a transfection or other procedure meant to introduce foreign dna into a cell .	indicate	determine	identify	signal	confirm	mark	inform	reveal	note	document	display
several other hollywood films are also believed to have been inspired by bollywood films .	inspired	influenced	adapted	motivated	informed	based	animated	caused	triggered	prompted	invented
winchester college was founded in 1382 by william of wykeham , bishop of winchester and chancellor to both edward iii and richard ii , and the first seventy poor scholars entered the school in 1394 .	scholars	students	boys	fellows	children	pupils	brothers	persons	sons	players	singers
they consider the period of 1917 to 1991 to have been a period of occupation by the soviet regime which was internationalist and anti-christian .	regime	government	state	rule	dictatorship	system	party	republic	power	programme	ruler
microsoft windows includes an implementation of ssl and tls as part of its secure channel package .	implementation	instance	application	interpretation	example	interpreter	optimization	equivalent	environment	infrastructure	algorithm
he proceeded to the franco-prussian war in 1870 , and , being taken prisoner at vaucouleurs , he remained in french captivity for three months .	proceeded	went	returned	travelled	contributed	participated	committed	undertook	replied	responded	reacted
pind dadan khan tehsil is a subdivision of jhelum district , punjab , pakistan .	subdivision	division	tehsil	branch	part	neighbourhood	sector	component	locality	grouping	borough
although these reports did not contain any scores or rankings , the evaluation report for paris was considered the most positive , now followed closely by london which had narrowed down most of the gap observed by the initial evaluation in 2004 regarding paris .	considered	deemed	thought	called	regarded	likely	held	titled	named	recorded	respected
the island of ireland lies only 30 k from the southwestern peninsula of kintyre ; norway is 305 k to the east and the faroes , 270 k to the north .	peninsula	coastline	tip	cape	part	point	gulf	mainland	plateau	wedge	snout
men are supposed to come to the mosque wearing loose and clean clothes that do not reveal the shape of the body .	reveal	show	hide	change	conceal	reflect	disclose	indicate	betray	display	disguise
the kingdom of the franks under charlemagne was particularly hard-hit by these raiders , who could sail down the seine with near impunity .	impunity	ease	immunity	silence	certainty	authority	terror	probability	independence	unrest	anarchy
one day , she was given a home in stergtland as a gift by some rich women after she had cured them successfully and treated them .	successfully	,	well	all	completely	properly	effectively	easily	both	unsuccessfully	physically
gumbasia , a 3 minute 34 second short film produced in 1953 , was the first clay animation produced by art clokey , who went on to create the classic series gumby and davy and goliath using the same technique .	classic	popular	legendary	famous	iconic	landmark	cartoon	1960s	seminal	disney	pioneering
also , the sound of the regional language qawwali can be totally different from that of mainstream qawwali .	mainstream	standard	classical	traditional	conventional	orthodox	mass	regular	wider	metropolitan	broader
many people see al jazeera as a more trustworthy source of information than government and foreign channels .	trustworthy	reliable	credible	valuable	stable	worthy	accurate	friendly	useful	loyal	genuine
the epping ongar railway operates on a preserved railway along the final section of the old great eastern railway and london underground central line branch line between epping and ongar , with an intermediate station at north weald .	final	last	first	second	closing	remaining	original	initial	terminal	ending	concluding
in the immunity challenge , koror had an early lead , but ulong made a slight comeback .	slight	small	significant	minor	substantial	major	short	considerable	minimal	modest	certain
it is also widely believed that the size and number of connections in the prefrontal cortex relates directly to sentience , as the prefrontal cortex in humans occupies a far larger percentage of the brain than any other animal . as the brain has tripled in size over 5 million years of human evolution , the prefrontal cortex has increased in size sixfold .	relates	refers	translates	applies	responds	links	ties	connects	reduces	measures	scales
during its boom times , beechworth town boasted a range of industries including , a tannery , jewellers , boot makers , a brewery , blacksmiths , livestock sale yards .	livestock	cattle	animal	and	horse	sheep	animals	stock	poultry	cow	&
traditionally , after a long period of consuming gimjang kimchi during the winter , fresh potherbs and vegetables were popular for making kimchi . these kinds of kimchi were not fermented or even stored for long periods of time but were consumed fresh .	period	time	duration	term	range	group	sequence	spell	tract	position	region
still visible throughout former east berlin are the characteristic `` ampelm_nnchen '' on some pedestrian traffic lights .	characteristic	distinctive	features	typical	feature	unique	traditional	signature	colorful	decorative	trademark
on 5 february 2007 , apple inc. and apple corps announced a settlement of their trademark dispute under which apple inc. will own all of the trademarks related to `` apple '' and will license certain of those trademarks back to apple corps for their continued use .	announced	released	opened	unveiled	ordered	introduced	published	approved	launched	established	advertised
the head of ornitholestes was relatively small .	relatively	very	comparatively	fairly	rather	typically	generally	extremely	moderately	somewhat	reasonably
the northern part of the continent , covering much of siberia was also inaccessible to the steppe nomads due to the dense forests and the tundra .	inaccessible	accessible	invisible	unknown	unavailable	impossible	uninhabited	available	navigable	untouched	accessibility
while at trinity he became more focussed on music , for there he met the folk song collector cecil sharp and composer and folk song enthusiast ralph vaughan williams .	focussed	concentrated	centred	keen	based	fixed	specialised	organised	recognised	rounded	rooted
canadian english is the variety of english used in canada . more than 26 million canadians have some knowledge of english .	variety	form	type	version	style	range	dialect	diversity	strain	grammar	corruption
whedon wanted to create something for television that was more character-driven and gritty than most modern science fiction .	create	make	write	develop	produce	find	design	provide	present	include	capture
fought on 22 august 1485 , the battle was won by the lancastrians . their leader henry tudor , earl of richmond , became the first english monarch of the tudor dynasty by his victory and subsequent marriage to a yorkist princess .	monarch	king	sovereign	ruler	regent	royalty	royalist	premier	viceroy	reigning	baronet
the books were later adapted into a television series and a feature film .	adapted	developed	turned	arranged	adopted	applied	edited	converted	inspired	elaborated	engineered
the mtr was immediately popular with residents of hong kong ; as a result , subsequent lines have been built to cover more territory . there are continual debates regarding how and where to expand the mtr network .	immediately	instantly	quickly	initially	very	already	extremely	soon	unexpectedly	easily	instant
it is bounded by munshiganj district and comilla district on the north , noakhali district , lakshmipur district and barisal district on the south , comilla district on the east , and meghna river , shariatpur district and munshiganj district on the west .	bounded	bordered	located	formed	surrounded	contested	signed	considered	traced	contracted	affected
then we see her deliberately contract cholera and be transferred to hospital .	transferred	sent	returned	moved	migrated	donated	relocated	referred	removed	loaned	switched
darth maul appears in as the apprentice of sith lord darth sidious who sends him to capture queen padm amidala and eliminate the two jedi , qui-gon jinn and obi-wan kenobi .	capture	catch	trap	kidnap	take	protect	collect	free	arrest	secure	claim
this arrangement provided most of the agricultural labor throughout the middle ages .	provided	supplied	furnished	performed	generated	gave	formed	composed	contributed	rendered	contracted
roadrunner records is a record label that concentrates primarily on heavy metal bands .	concentrates	focus	focuses	works	mainly	centres	carries	emphasis	specializes	catalogue	nowadays
ashoka did not completely prohibit the killing of animals ; he prohibited gratuitous killings , he advocated restraint in the number that had to be killed for consumption , protected some of them , and in general condemned violent acts against animals , such as castration .	prohibit	prevent	forbid	ban	eliminate	require	outlaw	restrict	suppress	regulate	curb
to reduce space and increase reading speed , virtually all braille books are transcribed in what is known as grade 2 braille , which uses a system of contractions to reduce space and speed the process of reading .	reduce	save	minimize	decrease	lower	preserve	alleviate	conserve	contain	reflect	bear
this is a considerably higher total than that of any other european country .	considerably	significantly	slightly	somewhat	much	comparatively	particularly	notably	noticeably	tract	predominantly
apples require cross-pollination between individuals by insects ; all are self-sterile , and self-pollination is impossible , making pollinating insects essential .	require	need	involve	include	undergo	must	provide	employ	demand	perform	seek
a final violent confrontation with police took place at glenrowan .	confrontation	clash	encounter	interaction	showdown	shootout	reconciliation	collision	manifestation	coupling	enclosure
a tropical wave , which had previously spawned tropical depression six , interacted with an upper-level low pressure area to develop an area of deep convection near hispaniola on july 23 , 2003 .	previously	already	recently	initially	also	earlier	subsequently	briefly	formerly	similarly	historically
other females within the social group may assist in the birthing process and tend to the newborns .	newborns	babies	infants	infant	young	children	births	prospects	casualties	adolescents	teenagers
his reign spanned the years from 809 through 823 .	spanned	covered	encompassed	crossed	embraced	lasted	encompasses	across	wiped	conquered	drained
neem karoli was a life-long adept of bhakti yoga , and encouraged service to others as the highest form of unconditional devotion to god .	highest	lowest	greatest	best	supreme	ultimate	maximum	utmost	top	absolute	paramount
fives is a british sport believed to derive from the same origins as many racquet sports .	derive	stem	originate	gain	descend	differ	generate	arise	source	branch	evolve
in 1269 it was the seat of a famous battle during the wars of guelphs and ghibellines and in 1479 it was besieged by neapolitan troops .	besieged	siege	conquered	attacked	invaded	captured	occupied	stormed	raided	bombed	recaptured
gr_nberg and fert have received a number of prestigious prizes and awards for their discovery and contributions to the field of spintronics including the 2007 nobel prize in physics .	received	accepted	won	given	obtained	garnered	collected	awarded	selected	rewarded	funded
during their trip , aras and cirie made a pact for the final 2 ; while danielle and terry also conspired for their fate in the game during their time on exile .	conspired	decided	plotted	planned	intervened	agreed	orchestrated	worked	compromised	battled	collaborated
gorgoneia that decorate the shields of warriors on mid-5th century greek vases are considerably less grotesque and menacing .	menacing	threatening	sinister	imposing	ominous	fearful	disturbing	frightening	terrifying	intimidating	enraged
charon , discovered in 1978 at the united states naval observatory flagstaff station , is the largest satellite of the dwarf planet pluto . following the 2005 discovery of two other natural satellites of pluto , charon may also be referred to as pluto i . the new horizons mission is scheduled to visit charon and pluto in july 2015 .	satellite	moon	part	component	sphere	orbit	territory	hemisphere	spacecraft	mirror	target
they are typically specified to withstand an impact of 3600 g and temperatures of over 1,000 c .	typically	generally	usually	commonly	traditionally	currently	frequently	initially	routinely	predominantly	annually
if k rei did exist , there is no evidence to suggest that the title tenn was used during the time period to which his reign has been assigned .	evidence	support	information	reason	proof	indication	material	influence	opposition	activity	industry
once a flourishing saxon riverport , it lies in the waveney valley and is a popular boating center .	lies	lay	is	lays	stands	sits	runs	rests	stretches	hides	doubles
the circuit cost approximately us $ 150 million to construct .	construct	build	create	manufacture	establish	develop	erect	provide	comprise	relocate	commence
a page that is a redirect can be moved like any other page .	moved	changed	transferred	relocated	shifted	placed	removed	transported	migrated	pushed	displaced
then cogswell asked gallaudet to travel to europe to study methods for teaching deaf students , especially those of the braidwood family in edinburgh , scotland .	travel	journey	move	go	trip	return	fly	voyage	depart	visit	migrate
he is widely known for his roles as little joe cartwright in bonanza , charles ingalls in little house on the prairie , and jonathan smith in highway to heaven .	widely	commonly	well	generally	best	also	largely	broadly	internationally	frequently	worldwide
since minamoto no yoritomo launched the shogunate , the true power had been in the hand of the shoguns , who were mistaken several times for the emperors of japan by the chinese government .	launched	started	created	established	founded	began	initiated	formed	inaugurated	commenced	unified
swiss cheese is a generic name common to many countries for several related varieties of cheese which resemble the swiss emmental .	resemble	like	include	mimic	recall	comprise	shape	approximate	imitation	reproduce	copy
several of these tropical cyclones have caused deaths or heavy property damage , usually due to flooding caused by rain .	caused	given	produced	killed	forced	started	helped	decided	shown	raised	thrown
through these feedback processes , the cryosphere plays a significant role in global climate and in climate model response to global change .	significant	major	large	substantial	notable	key	considerable	critical	sizable	meaningful	valuable
about 20 % of patients with acute ischemic colitis may develop a long-term complication known as chronic ischemic colitis .	develop	have	form	grow	present	establish	show	contract	display	become	decline
fiction records is a uk formerly indie label , now wholly owned by polydor a subsidiary of universal music group , started by chris parry in 1978 that is best known as being the home of the cure for over 20 years .	owned	operated	sold	bought	acquired	held	purchased	controlled	organized	inherited	headed
alexander stepanovich popov was a russian physicist who first demonstrated the practical application of electromagnetic waves , although he did not apply for a patent for his invention .	demonstrated	showed	discovered	observed	exhibited	performed	witnessed	conceived	displayed	constructed	advocated
in nature , there is a strong evolutionary pressure for animals to blend into their environment or conceal their shape ; for prey animals to avoid predators and for predators to be able to sneak up on prey .	conceal	hide	disguise	reveal	camouflage	mask	cloak	disguised	obscure	veil	covert
in switzerland , the constitutional ban on absinthe was repealed in 2000 during an overhaul of the national constitution , although the prohibition was written into ordinary law instead .	prohibition	ban	restriction	forbid	banning	suppression	repeal	limitation	prescription	taboo	boycott
one theory suggests that the source of the name is an ancient finnic language , in which it means `` dark '' and `` turbid '' .	turbid	dark	dull	violent	dirty	dry	terrible	rough	rainy	troubled	chaotic
the geological composition of rock and soil dictates the type of shore which is created .	dictates	determines	defines	determine	indicates	sets	provides	regulates	affects	specifies	creates
he held the imperial seal and could convene all other viziers to attend to affairs of the state ; the viziers in conference were called `` kubbealt viziers '' in reference to their meeting place , the kubbealt in topkap palace .	convene	summon	call	gather	meet	invite	command	assemble	bring	council	prompt
combining their observations with thermal measurements taken in november 2000 , the team estimated the size of the components of the system .	observations	findings	studies	images	measurements	discoveries	operations	investigations	errors	assignments	objectives
many beijing office towers were evacuated , including the building housing the media offices for the organizers of the 2008 summer olympics .	towers	buildings	blocks	structures	complexes	offices	floors	centers	centres	flats	chains
the sculpture was made from the same weathering steel as the angel of the north sculpture , which gradually develops a tightly adhering oxide layer as it is exposed to the elements .	gradually	slowly	eventually	progressively	soon	steadily	quickly	successively	continuously	also	largely
valzacchi and annina now offer their services to him .	services	assistance	skills	companies	activities	practices	contracts	duties	firms	talents	ways
because carbon dioxide is released at a faster rate through the acid-base reaction than through fermentation , breads made by chemical leavening are called quick breads .	released	produced	lost	discharged	leaked	emitted	created	dissipated	raised	freed	surrendered
many publications , such as the suikoden world guide and suikoden encyclopedia , exist for the suikoden series , though the majority are only in japanese .	exist	allow	arise	account	include	appear	originate	have	reside	extend	excel
as an adult , he was charged with a long list of crimes , including possession of counterfeit money , loitering and prowling , burglary , kidnapping and armed robbery .	loitering	wandering	stalking	roaming	walking	patrolling	lurking	sneaking	drifting	whistling	scouting
most baseball uniforms have the names and uniform numbers of players who wear them , usually on the backs of the uniforms to distinguish players from one other .	distinguish	separate	differentiate	identify	recognize	determine	contrast	difference	mark	differ	indicate
it was founded where the nascent sydney to melbourne road crossed water in the form of the yass river .	nascent	first	fledgling	developing	early	former	earliest	nas	founding	newborn	precursor
heights are measured to the structural height , which includes architectural elements , but not communications spires or antennas , per the guidelines of the council on tall buildings and urban habitat .	includes	covers	contains	encompasses	remains	combines	adds	collects	is	calls	totals
the decimal separator or decimal point or decimal comma is a symbol used to mark the boundary between the integral and the fractional parts of a decimal number in a positional numeral system .	boundary	border	ground	difference	frontier	limit	relationship	distinction	interface	division	margin
the dam was completed in 1974 and was designed to store water from the indus river for irrigation and flood control , and for the generation of hydro-electric power .	designed	built	intended	constructed	used	developed	planned	located	engineered	redesigned	dedicated
particularly , community-building activities that are not strictly `` on topic '' may be allowed , especially when initiated by committed wikipedians with good edit histories .	initiated	started	introduced	begun	implemented	organized	prompted	enacted	inaugurated	originated	authored
xanten is also a popular filming location and the site of many concerts .	site	location	home	place	scene	centre	center	seat	source	subject	point
a reconnaissance aircraft flight into the system on september 20 reported a well-defined low and strong wind gusts in squalls as the system tracked into the northeastern gulf of mexico , along with limited and disorganized thunderstorm activity .	tracked	rolled	turned	ran	fed	continued	raced	approached	headed	slid	slowed
in electronics , a voltage divider is a simple linear circuit that produces an output voltage that is a fraction of its input voltage . voltage division refers to the partitioning of a voltage among the components of the divider .	produces	generates	makes	creates	yields	has	performs	leaves	represents	outputs	takes
the cynics were an influential group of philosophers from the ancient school of cynicism .	influential	important	early	active	impressive	innovative	educated	obscure	edited	inspirational	effective
arche belongs to the carme group , made up of irregular retrograde moons orbiting jupiter at a distance ranging between 23 and 24 gm and at an inclination of about 165 .	irregular	regular	eccentric	unusual	small	uneven	elongated	elliptic	elliptical	erratic	stony
loch ness is best known for the alleged sightings of the legendary loch ness monster , also known as `` nessie '' .	legendary	mythical	famed	fictional	mythological	supposed	notorious	mystical	titular	reputed	fictitious
typically , a fast shutter speed will require a larger aperture to ensure sufficient light exposure , and a slow shutter speed will require a smaller aperture to avoid excessive exposure .	avoid	prevent	escape	eliminate	evade	keep	exclude	risk	save	ease	assure
railways now bypass the three major falls , and much of the trade of central africa passes along the river , including copper , palm oil , sugar , coffee , and cotton .	bypass	avoid	cross	pass	traverse	loop	span	skirt	parallel	leave	surround
security-enhanced linux is a linux feature that provides a mechanism for supporting access control security policies , including u.s. department of defense style mandatory access controls , through the use of linux security modules in the linux kernel .	provides	offers	includes	presents	creates	allows	comprises	establishes	is	forms	portrays
johns and williams would have spent the next seven months working on a government work party in the local area , before being transferred to millbank prison .	transferred	sent	moved	returned	switched	relegated	loaned	separated	joined	promoted	referred
it lies on the southern side of lake constance .	lies	is	lays	stands	lay	sits	runs	rests	rises	stretches	falls
an england batting collapse resulted in an innings defeat , denying bradman the opportunity to bat again and so his career average finished at 99.94 ; if he had scored just four runs in his last innings , it would have been 100 . a story developed over the years that claimed bradman missed the ball because of tears in his eyes , a claim bradman denied for the rest of his life .	resulted	occurred	culminated	concluded	produced	ensued	succeeded	consisted	received	gained	terminated
the croatia national football team represents the republic of croatia in international football .	represents	serves	depicts	reflects	supports	hosts	involves	indicates	portrays	delegates	performs
then , on august 15 , 1971 , united states president richard nixon announced that the united states dollar would no longer be convertible to gold , effectively ending the bretton woods system .	convertible	equivalent	fixed	currency	subject	sovereign	rounded	nominal	monetary	literal	coined
after holding the title for just over a month , they dropped them to john cena and batista on the august 4 episode of raw .	dropped	slipped	lost	gave	switched	sold	abandoned	lowered	fell	changed	dumped
in general relativity , the effects of gravitation are ascribed to spacetime curvature instead of a force .	ascribed	attributed	related	due	linked	assigned	traced	owing	reduced	likened	accounted
it is rare and valuable in finer grades and has been prized as a gem and ornamental stone for thousands of years owing to its unique hue .	hue	color	colour	appearance	coloration	quality	qualities	sheen	colours	shade	complexion
for adam baldwin , who grew up watching westerns , the role of jayne cobb was particularly resonant .	resonant	significant	memorable	powerful	difficult	expressive	compelling	fitting	vocal	res	volatile
the sonata did not enter the mainstream repertoire , but it has been more recently championed by such pianists as marc-andr hamelin .	championed	praised	embraced	rediscovered	defended	highlighted	lauded	showcased	endorsed	revered	curated
a tuning fork or electronic tuning device may be used as a reference pitch , though in ensemble rehearsals often a piano is used .	reference	standard	base	starting	guide	control	counter	test	common	ground	bench
peter became extratropical on december 11 , and was absorbed by a cold front shortly thereafter .	thereafter	afterward	subsequently	beforehand	prior	likewise	northward	concurrently	accordingly	nonetheless	additionally
in 2003 , dushku appeared in wrong turn , a horror film in which she had the starring role , and the kiss , an independent comedy-drama .	appeared	starred	acted	featured	played	performed	was	debuted	portrayed	worked	participated
his fighting style is primarily judo but has been modified to fight without the use of a judogi .	primarily	mostly	mainly	largely	originally	predominantly	typically	generally	chiefly	essentially	initially
in 1901 , an independent governor was again appointed .	appointed	elected	established	introduced	installed	announced	employed	confirmed	made	created	awarded
the album primarily deals with social issues that the band points on through various songs .	points	touches	comments	focuses	focus	takes	reflects	speaks	centers	draws	comment
ganymede and callisto , at their maximum separation , are the likeliest targets for potential naked-eye observation .	potential	possible	future	true	prospective	likely	probable	current	sustained	mere	practical
word processing templates enable the ability to bypass the initial setup and configuration time necessary to create standardized documents such as a resume .	enable	provide	allow	offer	facilitate	afford	improve	incorporate	involve	imply	organise
a state religion is a religious body or creed officially endorsed by the state .	endorsed	supported	approved	sponsored	sanctioned	backed	authorized	funded	mandated	favored	lauded
the cibf was founded by the general egyptian book organisation , a government publishers and retailers group , in 1969 to coincide with celebrations of the 1000th anniversary of the founding of the city of cairo .	founding	building	beginning	creation	naming	forming	settling	starting	launching	growing	setting
it initially was completely dark , but as voyager 2 approached the planet , a bright core developed and can be seen in most of the highest-resolution images .	initially	originally	previously	also	immediately	generally	earlier	early	subsequently	therefore	ultimately
a perfectly elastic collision is defined as one in which there is no loss of kinetic energy in the collision . an inelastic collision is one in which part of the kinetic energy is changed to some other form of energy in the collision .	kinetic	dynamic	mechanical	rotational	molecular	total	the	ballistic	rhythmic	angular	longitudinal
problems may arise particularly with disposable soft lenses ; if the surface tension between the lens and the finger is too great the lens may turn itself inside out ; alternatively it may fold itself in half . when the lens first contacts the eye , a brief period of irritation may ensue as the eye acclimatizes to the lens and also as dirt on the lens irritates the eye .	irritation	agony	annoyance	discomfort	amusement	infection	complaint	impatience	frustration	embarrassment	tingling
mary toft , also spelled tofts , was an english woman from godalming , surrey , who in 1726 became the subject of considerable controversy when she tricked doctors into believing that she had given birth to rabbits .	controversy	debate	criticism	scandal	discussion	publicity	notoriety	protest	suspicion	scrutiny	distinction
sdlp leader john hume , mp , identified the possibility that a negotiated settlement might be possible and began secret talks with adams in 1988 .	identified	recognized	recognised	indicated	observed	established	accepted	emerged	uncovered	exposed	experienced
a brief stint on go kart records saw the release of `` fly the flag '' , and now with their latest release of `` windward tides and wayward sails '' in 2003 finds them on union label group .	latest	recent	newest	last	current	newer	fresh	southern	recently	youngest	sour
it is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of union sportive du foyer de la rgie abidjan-niger .	matches	games	events	,	competitions	tournaments	fixtures	meetings	ties	contests	finals
for the next several weeks , kozlov was interviewed on wwe programming , proclaiming his love for `` double double e '' but also began drawing a villainous response after declaring his superiority over whatever wrestlers were competing at the time , saying `` i could beat both of them . ''	villainous	negative	strong	hostile	sinister	menacing	positive	similar	strange	malicious	contrary
according to kojiki , the entrance to yomi lies in izumo province and was sealed off by izanagi-no-mikoto upon his flight from yomi , at which time he permanently blocked the entrance by placing a massive boulder at the base of the slope that leads to yomi . upon his return to ashihara-no-nakatsukuni , izanagi noted that yomi is a `` polluted land '' .	placing	putting	laying	removing	positioning	installing	setting	performing	building	constructing	establishing
the rice plants in the strain can be bred to other rice strains or cultivars , and if desirable plants are produced , these are further bred to stabilize the desirable traits ; the stabilized plants that can be propagated and `` come true '' are given a cultivar name and released into production to be used by farmers .	bred	mated	born	grown	fed	matched	crossed	blended	mixed	engineered	traded
due to their fast growth , the foremost benefit of these trees is their wood .	foremost	primary	main	chief	principal	paramount	premier	principle	sole	chiefly	predominant
its status as an official geological period was ratified in 2004 by the international union of geological sciences , making it the first new geological period declared in 120 years .	ratified	declared	confirmed	resolved	secured	stipulated	sanctioned	defined	attained	notified	ceded
more specifically , the term stratus is used to describe flat , hazy , featureless clouds of low altitude varying in color from dark gray to nearly white . a `` cloudy day '' usually features a sky filled with stratus clouds obscuring the disk of the sun .	featureless	white	flat	dark	smooth	dry	blank	uniform	stationary	harmless	continuous
nuremberg was then an important and prosperous city , a center for publishing and many luxury trades .	prosperous	wealthy	flourishing	thriving	rich	successful	affluent	powerful	lucrative	desirable	distinguished
super mario 64 is also characterized by featuring more puzzles than earlier mario games .	puzzles	challenges	mysteries	characters	problems	difficulties	clues	squares	bugs	solutions	constraints
their escapades earned them a cover shot and a nude pictorial in a playboy spread .	pictorial	layout	spread	visual	photo	mural	cameo	tabloid	silhouette	centennial	biennial
in 1971 , she witnessed the impoverished conditions of the trash collectors in cairo , egypt , and decided to live among them .	witnessed	observed	saw	demonstrated	seen	reported	noticed	experienced	encountered	learnt	caught
nearby there is the goobang national park , and peak hill which features an open cut mine that can be toured during holidays .	features	has	includes	houses	is	contains	showcases	spots	displays	hosts	seats
good friday , also called holy friday , black friday , or great friday , is a holiday observed primarily by adherents to christianity commemorating the crucifixion of jesus and his death at calvary .	primarily	mainly	mostly	largely	predominantly	typically	solely	chiefly	exclusively	initially	prominently
as of , it lies at latitude 66 33 39 south of the equator .	lies	is	stands	lays	sits	lay	falls	rests	runs	measures	rises
along with herculaneum , its sister city , pompeii was destroyed , and completely buried , during a long catastrophic eruption of the volcano mount vesuvius spanning two days in 79 ad .	eruption	explosion	outburst	episode	occurrence	outbreak	ascent	volcano	evacuation	excavation	arc
human interference has nearly exterminated them in many areas , and , except for the beech forests of the austrian alps , forests of deciduous trees are rarely found .	rarely	seldom	hardly	frequently	commonly	never	occasionally	typically	barely	sparsely	poorly
nakm won , and yaxh was instructed to find a new campsite .	instructed	told	asked	ordered	commanded	directed	dispatched	appointed	informed	disposed	authorised
the sheer weight of the continental icecap sitting on top of lake vostok is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration .	contribute	add	cause	lead	participate	provide	help	rise	factor	amount	react
the album peaked at number 10 on the u.s. billboard 200 chart , selling 48,397 copies in its first week of release ; it was eventually certified gold by the riaa in 2008 .	certified	registered	graded	accredited	recorded	verified	ranked	ratified	stamped	platinum	logged
the adjacent town of gzhatsk was renamed gagarin in 1968 in his honor .	adjacent	nearby	neighboring	surrounding	entire	next	associated	unrelated	attached	additional	upcoming
at backlash , benoit retained the world title , after he forced michaels to submit to the sharpshooter .	forced	caused	compelled	allowed	required	demanded	took	induced	obliged	drove	pressed
during the first boer war , the city was besieged by republican forces in december 1880 and march 1881 .	besieged	siege	encircled	fortified	stormed	evacuated	garrison	threatened	invested	stranded	leased
one of the defining aspects of the nintendo gamecube is the rejuvenated relationship between nintendo and its licensees . unlike previous generations in which nintendo was seen by some as bullying its third-party game developers , nintendo openly sought game-development aid on the nintendo gamecube .	rejuvenated	new	renewed	improved	expanded	changed	continued	ongoing	extended	enhanced	strengthened
none of your watched items were edited in the time period displayed .	edited	included	modified	used	altered	changed	updated	incorporated	shown	archived	appropriate
originally made for the apple ii , they were later ported to other platforms .	ported	adapted	translated	converted	released	licensed	transferred	developed	localized	generalized	compiled
his work is displayed in the museum of modern art in yerevan .	displayed	exhibited	featured	located	shown	showcased	depicted	demonstrated	stored	viewed	stocked
he was a prolific discoverer of asteroids , discovering 122 in all , from 136 austria in 1874 to 1073 gellivara in 1923 .	discovering	finding	identifying	naming	locating	detecting	numbering	measuring	publishing	constructing	pioneering
males usually weigh about 500 lbs , but very large & old specimens can reach up to 2000 lbs .	specimens	animals	examples	ones	males	creatures	samples	trunks	strains	beings	recruits
it was used to signify those who appreciated austen in the `` wrong '' way and the term , according to lynch , is `` now used almost exclusively about and against other people '' .	signify	denote	indicate	represent	mark	mean	form	designate	show	register	rank
a committee of the institute appoints the laureates for the nobel prize in physiology or medicine .	laureates	nominees	winners	candidates	prizes	finalists	recipients	names	contenders	strikers	competitors
montgomery county of the u.s. state of maryland is situated just north of washington , d.c. and southwest of baltimore .	situated	located	positioned	placed	centred	erected	stationed	lodged	constituted	comprised	modelled
this spelling was later corrupted to ouisconsin by other french explorers , and over time this version became the french name for both the wisconsin river and the surrounding lands .	version	form	name	variation	title	variant	word	portion	spelling	mix	pronunciation
several people required rescue assistance , and in comal county a car accident caused three fatalities .	caused	led	had	forced	produced	started	left	involved	killed	decided	occurred
schigolch removes the body while geschwitz contemplates suicide , an idea she gives up when she realizes that lulu will not be moved by it .	removes	receives	takes	destroys	discovers	repairs	collects	pulls	extracts	separates	transfers
anti-tank dogs were dogs taught to carry explosives to tanks , armored vehicles and other military targets .	targets	objects	weapons	structures	objectives	vehicles	obstacles	areas	locations	bases	prizes
a historic organ was installed in it by the austrian firm rieger , in 1907 .	installed	built	mounted	erected	placed	constructed	inaugurated	housed	established	exhibited	sited
the birthday cake is traditionally highly decorated , and typically covered with lit candles when presented , the number of candles signifying the age of the celebrant .	traditionally	typically	usually	generally	often	historically	commonly	originally	predominantly	formally	notably
he secured a top post at the vienna state opera in 1943 , eventually becoming music director .	secured	obtained	reached	settled	attained	clinched	won	found	took	garnered	rented
the family - mother , father , old woman , young man , baby , and dog - are attempting to eat pieces of metal , such as chains , bicycle handlebars , and rifles .	attempting	able	trying	unable	about	beginning	seeking	likely	struggling	preparing	appearing
in wales , four church of england dioceses were disestablished in 1920 , becoming separated from the church of england in the process and subsequently becoming the church in wales .	separated	independent	divided	detached	segregated	isolated	distinct	parted	divorced	estranged	distant
in the 19th century and the first part of the 20th , baseball shoes were commonly black in color .	commonly	typically	usually	generally	often	frequently	mostly	primarily	popularly	notably	prevalent
hydrostatic equilibrium occurs when compression due to gravity is balanced by a pressure gradient which creates a pressure gradient force in the opposite direction .	compression	pressure	expansion	acceleration	force	lift	deformation	tension	contraction	gravity	stretching
the true cross is the name for physical remnants which , by a christian tradition , are believed to be from the cross upon which jesus was crucified .	remnants	relics	objects	artifacts	elements	items	parts	fragments	pieces	bones	articles
seafloor spreading occurs at mid-ocean ridges , where new oceanic crust is formed through volcanic activity and then gradually moves away from the ridge .	gradually	slowly	eventually	progressively	then	generally	subsequently	steadily	successively	largely	systematically
in 1887 the school relocated to the east lake community of birmingham .	relocated	moved	removed	returned	migrated	shifted	transferred	displaced	transitioned	departed	constructed
some han chinese believe they share common ancestors , mythically ascribed to the patriarchs yellow emperor and yan emperor , some thousands of years ago .	mythically	traditionally	supposedly	famously	variously	historically	usually	sometimes	falsely	allegedly	wrongly
simms works alongside co-host and designer daniel kucan to redecorate a room of a home in just two days and with only $ 2,500 .	redecorate	decorate	design	transform	restore	paint	rebuild	change	reform	remake	repair
pikachu is among the most recognizable pokmon , largely because a pikachu is a central character in the pokmon anime series . pikachu is widely considered the most popular pokmon , is regarded as the official mascot of the pokmon franchise , and has become an icon of japanese culture in recent years .	considered	regarded	called	thought	deemed	known	recognized	titled	named	recorded	respected
harvey became a strong extratropical storm during the night on august 8 and survived another few days before dissipating northwest of the azores on august 14 .	survived	continued	lasted	endured	lived	stayed	persisted	remained	lingered	last	tracked
in response to the weather system , the american national weather service issued wind watches for the oregon coast .	response	answer	reaction	addition	reply	order	submission	return	recognition	competition	transit
it reached a peak position of number thirty-seven on the billboard hot modern rock tracks chart .	reached	achieved	attained	obtained	made	raised	peaked	scored	climbed	found	finished
pskov is an ancient city located in the north-west of russia about east from the estonian border , on the velikaya river .	located	situated	founded	,	placed	established	discovered	adjacent	relocated	resident	determined
the major scale may predominate the minor scale in western music because of its unique harmonic properties ; in particular the major third is much stronger in the harmonic series than the minor third .	particular	general	fact	instance	whole	example	consequence	precisely	term	namely	specially
so impressed was rostropovich with his young pupil that at the end of her study with him , he declared her `` the only cellist of the younger generation that could equal and overtake own achievement . ''	declared	called	announced	proclaimed	deemed	termed	pronounced	claimed	stated	designated	cried
the marriage was marked from the outset by sexual passion and emotional insensitivity when tolstoy , on the eve of their marriage , gave her his diaries detailing his extensive sexual past and the fact that one of the serfs on his estate had borne him a son .	outset	beginning	first	start	onset	commencement	earliest	inception	dawn	commencing	commence
born as alfons karg , he was trained as a telecommunications technician , but soon became disenchanted with this profession .	profession	career	occupation	practice	trade	discipline	hobby	specialization	ministry	method	ritual
some features , however , are reminiscent of the scout movement .	reminiscent	typical	characteristic	distinctive	reflective	indicative	representative	symbolic	customary	derivative	descriptive
the shinto pantheon alone consists of an uncountable number of kami .	consists	comprises	is	composed	includes	exists	speaks	occurs	originates	amounts	resides
this message earned saddam a great deal of popularity in many sectors of the arab world .	sectors	parts	areas	regions	segments	quarters	districts	spheres	categories	tracts	neighbourhoods
suddenly there was a scattering of fire , which three outfielders caught the brunt ; the centerfield was hit and was captured , left and right field managed to get back to our lines .	managed	tried	able	struggled	had	scrambled	failed	decided	helped	succeeded	escaped
`` c158 ( cf ex r145 ) `` the provincial in councilor the superior ofthe delegation in councilsets the financial competency of local superiorsand their councilsand determines which assets can be managed by individualoblates and by local superiors and their councils .	managed	used	held	kept	controlled	operated	maintained	worked	handled	administered	headed
business development manager strategic alliances this individual will be responsible for coordinating , negotiating , launching , and managing accuity 's partner relationships .	managing	handling	maintaining	running	coordinating	planning	controlling	governing	addressing	representing	directing
a married woman retains ownership of any property she brought to the marriage , but the husband has the right to manage the property and to enjoy profits from the property .	manage	maintain	run	control	keep	handle	use	monitor	administer	coordinate	function
we do not need to ask for your specific permission to do these things , as explained below : treatment partners health care providers will use and share your health information to provide and manage your health care and related services .	manage	maintain	coordinate	control	monitor	administer	promote	plan	run	oversee	discuss
according to a white house press release , al-taqwa and its affiliates `` raise , manage , invest , and distribute funds for al-qaeda ; provide terrorist supporters with internet service and secure telephone communications ; and arrange for the shipment of weapons .	manage	maintain	run	handle	control	organize	coordinate	arrange	acquire	administer	monitor
that is , if the average person ( say this is 98 % of people ) amasses 10 things , if i manage to acquire 20 things then perhaps my account is not worth twice as much but maybe 10x or 100x as much as average .	manage	try	decide	attempt	get	happen	succeed	begin	seem	survive	realize
there are different types of managed care systems .	managed	planned	health	supported	medical	administered	monitored	supervised	shared	scheduled	mental
saddam hussein did n't manage to defeat the iranians .	manage	try	attempt	get	succeed	seem	want	achieve	think	happen	realize
the m107 program is managed by the project manager soldier weapons with engineering support provided by picatinny 's armament research , development and engineering center .	managed	headed	overseen	run	administered	directed	maintained	handled	coordinated	governed	steered
rubinstein held the gambit pawn with 4.bf4 and 7.qd5 , but his neglect of kingside development was severely punished .	severely	greatly	heavily	seriously	highly	strongly	extremely	fatally	harshly	deeply	critically
this veteran , the oldest pensioner in great britain , entered the army in 1758 , and was severely wounded at the battle of quebec under general wolfe , in consequence of which he became an out-pensioner of chelsea hospital , and continued so for the period of seventy-five years .	severely	badly	greatly	heavily	seriously	fatally	mortally	gravely	strongly	critically	deeply
perhaps the effect of west nile virus is sufficient to extinguish endemic birds already severely stressed by habitat losses .	severely	greatly	heavily	fatally	strongly	highly	significantly	drastically	extremely	markedly	extensively
she looked as severely as she could muster at draco .	severely	fiercely	well	badly	sadly	bad	much	harshly	grimly	fierce	nasty
a day before he was due to return to the united states patton was severely injured in a road accident .	severely	greatly	fatally	badly	heavily	seriously	highly	critically	significantly	extremely	strongly
use market tools to address environmental issues , such as eliminating subsidies for industries that severely harm the environment , like coal .	severely	greatly	heavily	significantly	badly	seriously	strongly	fatally	substantially	drastically	physically
this picture was severely damaged in the flood of 1913 and has rarely been seen until now .	severely	greatly	badly	heavily	significantly	seriously	completely	extensively	highly	strongly	fatally
i was very disappointed when the author did not go into detail about how he regained his faith after having it severely undermined by his early studies in theology at university .	severely	greatly	badly	strongly	heavily	completely	seriously	fatally	significantly	physically	pronounced
we do continue to support research on the differentiation of adult precursor cells into beta cells , but that 's a severely limited field in terms of how successful it has been .	severely	very	somewhat	greatly	highly	drastically	completely	extremely	strictly	most	sadly
mutual funds are so severely conflicted that they will not avail themselves of the alleged benefits of the proposed rule .	severely	badly	greatly	seriously	extremely	strongly	highly	fatally	completely	drastically	fiercely
however , the examination will be detailed if the applicant expressly requests it ( for example , at the same time as filing the demand ) , or if the applicant files amendments and/or arguments ( for example , in response to the international search report , with the demand or in response to a written opinion ; see below ) .	examination	test	study	question	evaluation	result	process	investigation	interview	document	assessment
from the previous examination last week the auto-immune deficiency could also be excluded .	examination	investigation	assessment	evaluation	diagnosis	interview	inspection	illness	appointment	autopsy	injury
readers will appreciate this well-researched examination .	examination	book	study	analysis	investigation	assessment	reading	evaluation	account	approach	essay
as well , he will continue his examination of the transatlantic connections that fuelled the slave trade .	examination	investigation	analysis	evaluation	inspection	assessment	exploration	inquiry	excavation	index	autopsy
the us ranks 37th in a world health organization examination of the world 's health care systems .	examination	evaluation	assessment	review	analysis	account	investigation	inspection	index	estimate	inventory
40 among studies that found differences in procedure use in sex-discordant pairings , these differences have been seen largely in sex-specific services such as mammography screening , 25 , 35 , 39 prostate examination , 39 and pelvic examination or papanicolaou smear testing , 25 , 35 , 39 selected procedures that may have produced differences in use rates because of their sex-specific nature .	examination	assessment	evaluation	study	inspection	investigation	interview	image	attempt	index	error
the photograph on the surface does not show a conflict or an irony , but with close examination , the punctum -the element which stands out and punctures the stadium -becomes apparent .	examination	inspection	investigation	observation	scrutiny	analysis	study	evaluation	eye	assessment	approach
examination questions , 1961-1965 examination questions , ca 1961-1965 , 30 cm ( c.1 , c.21 ) examination question papers for various courses arranged alphabetically by subject and session .	examination	interview	evaluation	assessment	educational	entrance	inspection	exhibition	entry	argument	intermediate
examination leave also includes the mornings of days in which examinations are held in the afternoon as well as the time spent travelling to and from the examination centre .	examination	inspection	event	evaluation	interview	educational	academic	election	assessment	investigation	argument
i was given cardiovascular tests , including treadmill stress tests and ultrasound examinations of my heart , but apparently , things were n't bad enough that i was singled out for consultation .	examinations	assessments	investigations	images	scans	readings	analyses	photographs	inspections	impressions	alterations
galls indeed arise from the stinging of the plant tissues by the ovipositors of female gall wasps , and the egg laid in the plant tissues develops inside the gall into a grub , which eventually emerges full-grown and transformed into a mature gall wasp .	gall	parasitic	honey	thorn	worm	comb	spring	venom	sting	pol	ball
these include laparoscopic gall bladder surgery and reflux disease surgery , non-cardiac thoracoscopic chest surgery , and certain cardiotomy procedures such as mitral valve repair .	gall	bile	abdominal	renal	bladder	loose	large	surgical	pouch	open	duct
`` ( adams , pp.196-9 ) what arrogance and gall it took to write those words and demand that they be spoken by native tongues .	gall	pride	courage	guts	vanity	power	nerve	passion	strength	ambition	talent
in the case of my gall bladder removal , i was out the next day .	gall	bladder	loose	kidney	abdominal	ur	bile	renal	natural	spinal	yellow
even galls that formed on their trunks were eaten .	galls	those	worms	vines	balls	some	they	these	ones	pits	rolls
come to my woman 's breasts , and take my milk for gall , you murdering ministers , wherever in your sightless substances you wait on nature 's mischief !	gall	you	yourself	yourselves	me	breakfast	it	supper	joy	dessert	yours
and the morans have the gall to ruin beethoven 's 6th in the process , too .	gall	power	chance	right	nerve	fortune	balls	luck	charm	sense	opportunity
galls indeed arise from the stinging of the plant tissues by the ovipositors of female gall wasps , and the egg laid in the plant tissues develops inside the gall into a grub , which eventually emerges full-grown and transformed into a mature gall wasp .	galls	they	worms	these	insects	lesions	nests	balls	,	is	are
in boston magazine 's glowing blurb on via matta , it had the extraordinary gall to say this : `` via matta has unquestionably found its niche with boston 's it crowd .	gall	power	courage	sense	fortune	right	ability	opportunity	charm	distinction	notion
`` what is the world to do in the face of these grim predictions ?	grim	dire	terrible	bleak	ill	great	dreadful	grand	awful	sad	glad
`` he too can only watch in deepening despair as the grim work proceeds . '' looks more like resignation to me , but audiovision is not interested in letting us make up our own minds . `` finally , the military police carry the crates away for disposal . '' no , they just take them away .	grim	hard	terrible	dark	dirty	awful	sad	construction	evil	sinister	repair
i 'd rather go face down , fast , in a plate of chili at 76 than suffer the grim attenuations of mental decay and wander off this mortal plane at 78 .	grim	great	awful	dire	sad	ill	grand	glad	gross	slow	lethal
vincent van gogh in 1880 was a 27-year-old failure : a despised and rejected clergyman in a grim backwater mining town in belgium .	grim	poor	small	bleak	little	miserable	harsh	terrible	cold	brutal	dusty
hoarding and saving react with grim vengeance .	grim	a	brutal	silent	swift	deadly	terrible	the	slow	ill	bloody
`` once that grim reality had sunk in , kubrick 's response was an extraordinary tribute to sellers as an actor : `` we ca n't replace him with another actor , we 've got to get an authentic character from life , someone whose acting career is secondary-a real-life cowboy .	grim	harsh	new	awful	bleak	heavy	dire	deadly	hard	fearful	somber
their trip had been a grim struggle with wet pitches , friable rock and bad bolts : they had reached the 1979 limit , but failed to go further .	grim	bloody	miserable	dire	dreadful	bleak	hard	tough	sad	deadly	lethal
i 'm concerned that they 're so grim and angry .	grim	dark	somber	solemn	serious	silent	pale	stern	worried	hard	brooding
`` that 's lawrence kaplan ' s grim verdict from baghdad .	grim	awful	bleak	brutal	grand	own	dire	ill	sad	somber	brooding
it started out looking pretty grim but we had pretty good rainfall in april and may .	grim	bad	awful	bleak	cold	severe	gloom	miserable	ill	negative	hopeful
due to china 's economic reliance on trade , balance of payments should be the main factor for judging whether the yuan exchange rate is reasonable .	reasonable	acceptable	suitable	unreasonable	adequate	valid	correct	satisfactory	appropriate	rational	feasible
copyright law already addressed the issue in a much more reasonable manner .	reasonable	satisfactory	suitable	sensible	conservative	plausible	acceptable	modest	compact	rational	favorable
`` what we require now is the co-operation from the federal government to provide a flow of mortgage money through cmhc at reasonable interest rates and to encourage the conventional loans to be channelled into smaller units so that we may have the opportunity of the best housing and building programme in canada in 1971 .	reasonable	suitable	acceptable	moderate	decent	favourable	satisfactory	respectable	rational	unreasonable	affordable
for reasonable people , sure that 'll suffice .	reasonable	some	certain	unreasonable	most	sensible	rational	small	suitable	substantial	peaceful
your objective should be to negotiate a contract type and price ( or estimated fee and cost ) that will result in reasonable contractor risk and provide the contractor with the greatest incentive for efficient and economical contract performance .	reasonable	minimal	acceptable	minimum	reduced	unreasonable	rational	adequate	suitable	substantial	beneficial
and if no exact & safe equilibrium can be introduced , it is more reasonable that a preponderating weight shd . be allowed to the greater interest than to the lesser .	reasonable	sensible	plausible	acceptable	desirable	suitable	pleasant	unreasonable	certain	respectable	conservative
besides overseeing the operation of pipeda and dealing with complaints , i can conduct audits into organizations ' personal information-handling practices , if we have reasonable grounds .	reasonable	sufficient	suitable	good	rational	adequate	acceptable	due	certain	the	minimal
the matter of the further evidence may then be heard when the other party has had reasonable opportunity to prepare submissions on the matter .	reasonable	the	sufficient	adequate	some	an	good	decent	substantial	suitable	ample
this will allow state-licensed health-care providers to utilize safe , non-fda approved , alternative therapies that have a reasonable expectation of therapeutic gain if the patient has been fully informed about the treatment .	reasonable	substantial	good	legitimate	decent	rational	plausible	certain	valid	suitable	genuine
( 2 ) in a civil action under subsection ( a ) of this section , the court , in its discretion , may allow the prevailing party , other than the united states , a reasonable attorney 's fee and costs .	reasonable	minimal	modest	small	certain	substantial	sufficient	unreasonable	rational	satisfactory	lawful
it is relatively simple to find lenses which will maintain reasonably good central resolution the central resolution , but thus far , i have not been able to achieve an edge resolution better than about 0.1 mm with `` off the shelf `` lenses .	thus	so	by	hence	this	thereby	as	therefore	while	consequently	since
the calculation is based on the loan 's original principal , so fellows who are not recent graduates , and thus have been making loan payments , are treated the same as new graduates .	thus	therefore	hence	thereby	so	consequently	instead	simply	traditionally	similarly	accordingly
thus for example , ophthalmologists will need to know in a given population how many people of a particular age group and/or sex will suffer a retina detachment in the course of a year .	thus	so	then	hence	therefore	consequently	because	while	likewise	as	since
although he 's pitched 200 innings for the first time since mike had a girlfriend ( 200 innings being 6 more than any met has pitched this season thus far ) , pedro has , again , seemed annoyingly off-balance lately .	thus	so	hence	as	this	thereby	since	however	while	by	meanwhile
grey 's reformist doctrines can thus be seen , not as an attempt to set out on the road to democracy , but as a means to strengthen the power of his own class , the aristocracy .	thus	therefore	thereby	then	however	simply	hence	so	likewise	consequently	similarly
a clear imperative thus confronts american progressives -- that intricate ( and frequently fragile ) web of communities comprised of people of color , feminists , gays and lesbians , the poor and working class , as well as ethnic whites who value ethnicity , indeed all who have been systematically disenfrancised and dehumanized under the once ascendant `` traditional values `` of pre-civil rights america .	thus	thereby	therefore	likewise	then	consequently	finally	hence	meanwhile	while	similarly
we struggle to think of any other minority group in society who would be so easily and conveniently stereotyped and are saddened that law abiding , genuine football supporters of both sexes , all ages and backgrounds who want to stand are thus thought of and portrayed as would be hooligans merely because they prefer to stand .	thus	instead	consequently	so	similarly	likewise	frequently	thereby	hence	currently	nowadays
the kind of control he exercises is thus likely to be limited to `` passive `` control such as inspection of produced goods and testing to insure that quality standards are being met .	thus	therefore	not	so	consequently	hence	thereby	fairly	likewise	accordingly	similarly
thus they can connect with `` who found them `` .	thus	so	therefore	then	hence	because	thereby	while	consequently	instead	similarly
the experiment also helps us in understanding the language of dreams , and thus begins the process of interpretation .	thus	so	hence	thereby	therefore	this	then	consequently	subsequently	similarly	negatively
going to court : civil trial procedure this pamphlet explains what happens when you go to court about civil cases involving negligence or damages .	civil	legal	general	criminal	human	private	social	complex	commercial	personal	natural
with all due respect to our civil authorities and lawmakers , we are called to testify by word and action , to the essential truths of our faith .	civil	legal	public	human	local	political	social	secular	judicial	current	formal
it is contrary to the spirit of civil law , and to the natural working of economic law .	civil	the	natural	general	public	human	roman	secular	social	private	modern
yes , we occasionally get into some heated discussions here , and the language can get a bit colorful at times , but in general , the posters are relatively civil and well-behaved .	civil	polite	friendly	benign	mild	pleasant	humane	gentle	nice	sympathetic	smooth
lionel , singapore lebanon has overcome all adversities in the past , ranging from civil wars to israeli invasion .	civil	local	world	regular	turf	domestic	petty	two	war	the	chaos
this means combating corruption , building strong and accountable public sectors which have the necessary staff to deliver vital services , and ensuring that parliaments , civil society , and the media can monitor public spending and act as watchdogs against corruption .	civil	public	the	human	legal	social	open	citizen	free	law	popular
truly classy people find a way to be polite , civil and courteous .	civil	formal	friendly	polite	respectful	neutral	legal	gentle	humane	nasty	neat
not just another period piece on germany 's disturbing past , this film should have deep resonance for today 's movie fans who are concerned about civil and human rights .	civil	human	social	legal	freedom	rights	peace	democracy	minorities	liberty	censorship
spontaneous gestures are a pie in the face of civil society .	civil	modern	social	human	formal	public	polite	the	a	contemporary	regular
since civil discourse in our country is increasingly lacking , and the word insanity in this context implies a lack of such civility , how can that be a good thing for anybody or the mark of a great president ? eh , one episode , wha-evuh .	civil	social	public	political	liberal	human	intellectual	polite	romantic	rational	verbal
the pulses were either short or long , representing the dots and dashes of morse code .	pulses	signals	letters	tones	codes	units	segments	calls	packets	digits	beats
the river has always been the pulse of the town , although the reasons have changed slightly over the years .	pulse	heart	heartbeat	spirit	beat	core	pace	essence	backbone	life	bp
non alcohol related questions & answers q. i take a fair amount of exercise on a training machine , and my pulse is 110 at the end of the session .	pulse	heart	rate	heartbeat	beat	wrist	blood	body	adrenaline	hp	fever
most of the time , it lies hidden beneath the noise and confusion of our everyday lives , a quiet pulse that almost unconsciously drives us forward to this day and the next .	pulse	beat	force	rhythm	heartbeat	pressure	energy	throbbing	consciousness	void	surge
on examination the knee was found to be swollen , and distal limb pulses were absent .	pulses	veins	signals	symptoms	nerves	sensations	rings	abnormalities	findings	spurs	leads
sustained bass notes and ambient pulses keep things gently swirling .	pulses	beats	sounds	rhythms	percussion	loops	flows	currents	themes	cues	shocks
prevalence of different agro-ecological tracts has made it possible to grow a multitude of over 60 crops ranging from typical tropical ones to moderate temperate varieties including cereals such as rice , wheat . maize , millet , beans , pulses and oilseeds : industrial crops such as cotton , jute , rubber , sugar cane , toddy palm , tobacco and spices , and many others both edible and non-edible .	pulses	peas	potatoes	grains	roots	peanuts	spices	beans	staples	pods	hips
it 's also present in adequate quantities in dairy products , eggs and nuts , as well as in combinations of foods such as pulses and grains .	pulses	vegetables	beans	grains	peas	potatoes	roots	nuts	staples	peanuts	bulbs
but he could feel the whale was sensing him with sound pulses .	pulses	waves	beats	currents	cues	shivers	contacts	readings	breaths	calls	darts
she drank a great deal of coffee and had a rapid , thin pulse .	pulse	heartbeat	heart	rhythm	beat	pace	vein	consciousness	wrist	will	schedule
go `` he leaves and she sits down in the chair , looks over the figures and mutters softly to herself as she reaches for the mouse .	softly	quietly	slowly	gently	silently	faintly	low	heavily	deeply	lightly	privately
the best small cars ride smoothly , even over uneven road surfaces , but are not so softly sprung that they wallow when turning , braking or accelerating .	softly	lightly	gently	quietly	well	heavily	easily	woo	quiet	much	subtly
it was falling on every part of the dark central plain , on the treeless hills , falling softly upon the bog of allen and , farther westward , softly falling into the dark mutinous shannon waves .	softly	gently	quietly	low	slowly	lightly	only	heavily	well	largely	faintly
it should not be that a son should remember his father for having tapped the table after a meal ... smiling softly , he touched his knuckles to his lips .	softly	gently	slowly	quietly	faintly	slightly	tenderly	silently	warmly	deeply	heavily
finally she smiled softly and told him , `` as a matter of fact i did .	softly	gently	slowly	quietly	sweetly	faintly	slightly	deeply	warmly	tenderly	heavily
the wood was softly polished , the bronze had a beautiful green	softly	lightly	gently	quietly	well	slowly	slightly	faintly	simply	deeply	heavily
that day , said the father softly with tears now rolling down his face , the boys from both teams helped bring a piece of true love and humanity into this world .	softly	,	quietly	gently	slowly	now	faintly	loudly	heavily	loud	roughly
and , hissing softly with the voice of fire , and brightening to a wrathful , terrible gold , the demon leapt forward to do battle with the beast , even as it had promised me , in return for its freedom after cycles of captivity .	softly	gently	quietly	low	faintly	slowly	,	slightly	sharply	lightly	heavily
nia steps beside rafe , her hands gripping softly on the straps of her backpack .	softly	hard	gently	quietly	lightly	carefully	low	white	gentle	slightly	loosely
in the front seat stel and dominic are chuckling softly at us and dominic slides in a tape of sky-noise .	softly	gently	quietly	hard	lightly	loudly	slowly	warmly	low	faintly	slightly
if we divide any number by 4 , we would get 1 or 2 or 3 , as the remainders .	remainders	latter	numbers	integers	proceeds	consequence	reductions	results	successors	resultant	replacements
only one third of the young people questioned said that they had recently had a satiating meal . , the remainder could not remember when they last had one .	remainder	rest	latter	majority	minority	bulk	multitude	survivors	handful	recipient	commencement
the majority of subjects , 90 percent , came from the metropolitan seattle area , with the remainder coming from across the united states .	remainder	rest	latter	majority	minority	portion	other	recipient	surplus	percentage	receiver
humor books , which are ephemeral , and appeal to a narrow audience , often go out of print quickly ; they are especially likely to turn up at remainder houses or remainder tables in bookstores .	remainder	rest	settlement	portion	breakdown	mail	renewal	proportion	clearance	termination	reprint
the remainder of the soup list evokes eastern europe , comprising soljanka , a ruddy vegetable-based soup containing a significant fraction of some unfortunate animal ( $ 4.50 ) and a sweetish roasted beet soup ( $ 4 ) .	remainder	rest	majority	bulk	entirety	portion	content	balance	latter	conclusion	contents
however , with only .14 of an inch falling the remainder of the month , this left only 2.86 for the month , or .69 of an inch below normal .	remainder	rest	latter	entirety	majority	duration	portion	minority	commencement	aftermath	reissue
jimfurtado - this thread is the sum of a remainder of an unbalanced equation inherent to the programming of the primate .	remainder	portion	fraction	result	rest	majority	sum	resultant	consequence	residue	surplus
of course a whole number can be negative and we have to agree what we mean by the remainder in this case ; for example , what is the remainder of -12 when we divide it by 10 ?	remainder	latter	fraction	residue	reduction	number	consequence	portion	likeness	proportion	resultant
cost : $ 1,990.00 for the eleven day trip , ( payable with a non- refundable deposit of $ 500 by july 31 , 2001 and the remainder by september 1 , 2001 ) .	remainder	rest	latter	portion	majority	residual	minority	fraction	residue	surplus	lieu
if there is one child then the first $ 20,000 would go to the widow or widower and the remainder would be divided equally , half to the child and half to the widow .	remainder	rest	latter	portion	surplus	resultant	residual	minority	fraction	residue	lieu
the rapid disintegration of apparently strong and united countries , and the bitter internal conflicts which usually followed , has made a real impact in rangoon .	apparently	once	previously	historically	traditionally	formerly	the	seemingly	a	usually	relatively
for example in 1794 a man called isaac rooke was found apparently dead in a close near nottingham .	apparently	seemingly	almost	supposedly	presumably	evidently	suddenly	probably	obviously	reportedly	mostly
moreover , play seems not only inefficient because of its vigor ; it seems to be sometimes downright dangerous , exposing the organism to apparently unnecessary risks .	apparently	obviously	evidently	seemingly	supposedly	probably	almost	clearly	allegedly	obvious	presumably
however , this apparently crushing blow early in a promising career took a strange twist .	apparently	seemingly	reportedly	supposedly	evidently	allegedly	suddenly	unexpectedly	obviously	presumably	surprisingly
the rest of the world is apparently not doing too differently or even better , whatever the latter may mean in consequence .	apparently	obviously	evidently	supposedly	probably	clearly	actually	seemingly	somehow	suddenly	surprisingly
the chilling conclusion is that apparently fairly modest changes in initial conditions can produce huge differences in the final outcome .	apparently	seemingly	even	supposedly	only	usually	obviously	originally	suddenly	allegedly	ostensibly
`` the system apparently requires nothing more than an internet connection and a web browser to use -- no software or hardware required .	apparently	supposedly	obviously	itself	probably	evidently	seemingly	clearly	somehow	suddenly	luckily
the world has been apparently powerless to do anything about it .	apparently	mostly	seemingly	suddenly	almost	finally	completely	officially	surprisingly	systematically	notably
in those twenty years , the national highway traffic safety administration has apparently never deemed the location of the malibu 's fuel system to be a problem .	apparently	evidently	reportedly	actually	seemingly	obviously	somehow	supposedly	almost	surprisingly	mostly
apparently you had to write in to the show requesting tickets at least 9 months in advance .	apparently	supposedly	actually	then	obviously	evidently	instead	somehow	finally	presumably	
finno-ugrian languages , in the widest sense of the word , share a few core vocabulary items , though when critically examined , the number of satisfactory etymologies appears smaller than was thought earlier ( janhunen 1981 ; sammallahti 1988 ) .	earlier	later	previously	before	originally	initially	already	previous	otherwise	ago	older
if you wish to collect your robes earlier you should contact the above number to arrange collection .	earlier	,	first	then	later	again	today	immediately	now	quickly	alone
it is possible that if he had gone earlier he may have recovered .	earlier	later	sooner	longer	before	quicker	faster	older	already	easier	otherwise
finding it earlier would have saved me lots of time and made it easier to work with my architect .	earlier	later	first	sooner	before	originally	yesterday	today	otherwise	easier	initially
i came to this realization later than some older and more perceptive scientists , but , even so , earlier than many others .	earlier	later	older	late	longer	sooner	rather	before	faster	quicker	august
many countries have changed policies to allow investments that earlier might have been prohibited or been otherwise difficult .	earlier	previously	once	otherwise	before	originally	initially	either	historically	today	often
earlier , during world war i , hitler was an isolated human being , scorned for his strange pathetic ramblings .	earlier	later	previously	already	initially	originally	once	however	other	even	otherwise
i mentioned that i would be seeing this new dr regarding counselling and psychology , jan thinks it is a good idea and it would probably help me , as i 'd missed out earlier .	earlier	before	already	yesterday	again	later	today	once	ago	originally	previously
the key to public choice , as you said earlier , is common sense .	earlier	before	yesterday	later	today	previously	again	originally	already	ago	elsewhere
we have measures in place to keep it that way , `` spokeswoman maeve o'beirne said . [ the key point is whether the us should have acted a week earlier given the fact that france had imported 20,000 sheep from the uk during the critical period .	earlier	later	ago	before	sooner	older	prior	previously	originally	easier	otherwise
do not be swayed by herd constraints -- know that you are working on another level entirely from the rest of the world .	entirely	altogether	completely	away	even	separate	apart	different	far	distinct	equally
the prohibitive cost of heroin in alice springs is keeping the drug off the streets but not entirely out of the town .	entirely	completely	altogether	quite	all	exactly	totally	almost	utterly	equally	immediately
if you link to any such websites you will leave the business essentials website and do so entirely at your own risk .	entirely	completely	wholly	largely	altogether	all	fully	totally	purely	strictly	exclusively
usually , these test questions are based entirely on the material covered in the text .	entirely	completely	only	solely	exclusively	wholly	altogether	all	almost	exactly	totally
here are some of the principal sources for evidence in inductive arguments : 1 . in essays on literature , the evidence comes almost entirely from the text of the work you are evaluating , that is , from the words on the page .	entirely	completely	wholly	exclusively	totally	exactly	solely	all	altogether	equally	fully
both schemes are funded entirely from general revenue and non-contributory .	entirely	wholly	completely	solely	only	exclusively	totally	mainly	altogether	equally	all
still , even against all odds , they have decided to put hope entirely on what they see as a fresh start .	entirely	only	altogether	in	based	solely	out	all	mainly	wholly	exclusively
note that the expression reads in the file entirely in one go .	entirely	almost	all	completely	,	mostly	fully	perfectly	totally	only	exactly
their involvement depends entirely on what the individual wants .	entirely	completely	solely	only	exclusively	altogether	wholly	totally	exactly	almost	all
avoid cliches too - words and phrases that are so frequently used that they are entirely predictable and emptied of any interesting content .	entirely	completely	wholly	altogether	utterly	almost	fully	all	totally	equally	exclusively
according to this liberal approach , capital is a source of powe r that should be used by capitalists , just as political power should be used by politicians , for the benefit of society .	liberal	political	radical	progressive	capitalist	new	modern	leftist	marxist	intellectual	western
i have heard educated , liberal women talking about how long to wait before calling a man back , or whether the date should be in her neighbourh ood , or how long to wait until sleeping with him , as if there is some secret formula , some mathematical principle to romantic happiness that she has yet to divine .	liberal	wealthy	sophisticated	educated	married	mature	respectable	young	ambitious	unmarried	beautiful
the show was a liberal smattering of silly voices , awful puns , and mildly smutty humour , and was totally anarchic , with the audience controlling most of the show in later series .	liberal	general	heavy	mixed	generous	large	nasty	usual	loose	mere	welcome
she is a product of a tremendously unorthodox family with liberal views toward sex , marriage , religion and child-rearing .	liberal	conservative	radical	progressive	traditional	leftist	diverse	broad	moderate	restrictive	loose
a guide for the scientific novice - concepts are clearly explained with liberal use of careful definitions and analogy .	liberal	the	careful	extensive	heavy	generous	good	a	some	appropriate	ample
municipal housing schemes with liberal aid from the central government will be encouraged for those who do not wish to establish their own houses .	liberal	financial	special	some	direct	the	government	generous	an	additional	substantial
we 're both in our early thirties , both grew up in the suburbs of east coast us cities , raised by liberal parents who pushed us towards soccer , the progressive , globalized , nonviolent sport of choice for seventies and eighties us parents .	liberal	conservative	progressive	leftist	radical	democratic	young	republican	moderate	committed	youthful
patients should limit exposure to the sun and use liberal amounts of sunscreen .	liberal	appropriate	moderate	large	generous	small	limited	minimal	excessive	modest	minimum
the potatoes were remarkable ... they did n't look like much , but were cooked with herbs and a liberal sprinkling of pepper that made me wish for more after my plate had been cleaned .	liberal	generous	mild	heavy	good	gentle	light	fair	soft	slight	healthy
this decision , by liberal judges no less , is so blatantly at odds with the intention of private ownership and the constitution that it makes me , a lifelong democrat , extremely suspicious of what is going on in that court .	liberal	conservative	democratic	republican	progressive	two	young	radical	leftist	democrat	moderate
1co 7:22 for he who was called in the lord while a slave , is the lord 's freedman ; likewise he who was called while free , is christ 's slave .	likewise	and	also	thus	similarly	for	but	while	as	meanwhile	alternately
the minister and his wife were likewise ill-treated , but they steadfastly refused to betray the hiding-place wherein they had disposed the valuable honours .	likewise	thus	also	indeed	similarly	notably	decidedly	simply	accordingly	particularly	presumably
the other could likewise be a constellation of some type , an animal or a map .	likewise	also	simply	either	then	however	thus	indeed	alternately	instead	itself
in this sense of the word , faith is the essential virtue of science , and likewise of any religion that is not self-deception .	likewise	also	thus	indeed	certainly	consequently	similarly	thereby	particularly	accordingly	conversely
maybe a journalist 's privilege should likewise be limited .	likewise	also	not	simply	indeed	additionally	always	instead	similarly	too	nonetheless
the canal project would likewise have a high impact , reversing these trends .	likewise	also	indeed	thus	presumably	similarly	thereby	meanwhile	notably	accordingly	conversely
the cost of providing easy to use access systems is likewise a consideration .	likewise	also	thus	not	certainly	similarly	indeed	again	itself	conversely	accordingly
we are also reminding the member states that they should do likewise .	likewise	so	thus	similarly	accordingly	indeed	otherwise	similar	conversely	differently	thereafter
collective penalties and likewise all measures of intimidation or of terrorism are prohibited .	likewise	also	thus	indeed	virtually	then	similarly	formerly	conversely	notably	accordingly
there are many false beliefs about two-stroke oils and some say that cheap oils do not mix with the expensive stuff and likewise with synthetic and mineral oils .	likewise	also	not	certainly	thus	even	indeed	so	conversely	similarly	compare
however , fine ceramics from iran , china , and possibly yemen , were imported and these enable us to date the occupation .	possibly	perhaps	probably	potentially	presumably	maybe	certainly	sometimes	probable	seemingly	presumed
but , what is there of value that satan could possibly hope to win from jesus ?	possibly	ever	potentially	really	reasonably	allegedly	theoretically	seemingly	subsequently	seriously	remotely
bloggers , who sometimes think of themselves as the current big thing of the internet , wondered how this could possibly be .	possibly	really	potentially	necessarily	yet	reasonably	seriously	subsequently	seemingly	remotely	variously
( 22 ) general dwight d. eisenhower letter to george patton ( 29th april 1944 ) i have warned you time and again against your impulsiveness and have flatly instructed you to say nothing that could possibly be misinterpreted .	possibly	potentially	easily	clearly	probably	really	totally	seriously	well	remotely	theoretically
the whole organization is utterly impersonal ; it is hard , mechanical , inhuman , relentless , and must be so , and can not possibly be otherwise .	possibly	even	really	potentially	yet	necessarily	therefore	probably	clearly	seriously	variously
on average , bud 's dodging with his 6 combat dice would generate 3 successes , bud will be definitely be shot at least once and would possibly end up getting shot twice .	possibly	perhaps	probably	potentially	likely	maybe	not	might	certainly	well	definitely
possibly in the future i see the elimination of poverty , economic freedom , the repair of the ecosystem , the elimination of war ... all possibilities .	possibly	but	perhaps	and	yet	maybe	then	sometime	"	probably	well
yet if you are a seasoned webmaster this website system gives you everything you could possibly want , and saves you time in your busy day !	possibly	ever	potentially	really	subsequently	reasonably	seemingly	practically	seriously	allegedly	scarcely
he was born at arles in present day southern france and possibly raised as a christian .	possibly	perhaps	probably	was	maybe	likely	thus	presumably	apparently	seemingly	reportedly
although immunizations may be uncomfortable for your child and for you as a parent , it is one of the best ways to prevent your child from getting a contagious and possibly dangerous disease .	possibly	potentially	perhaps	probably	thus	sometimes	certainly	maybe	likely	some	clearly
the only detectable effect was psychological stress during and shortly after the accident .	shortly	soon	immediately	briefly	particularly	simply	until	closely	prior	relatively	notably
performance test for a system coupled with a locally manufactured station engine model mwm will start shortly .	shortly	soon	immediately	eventually	briefly	presently	promptly	quickly	thereafter	momentarily	sufficiently
the evidence of wallat was given very shortly .	shortly	soon	quickly	briefly	rapidly	promptly	slowly	early	gradually	abruptly	simply
family members went to a neighbor 's house and called 911 shortly before 3:00 a.m. firefighters arrived within minutes to find the home fully involved .	shortly	soon	just	sometime	until	simply	briefly	eventually	approximately	primarily	notably
shortly , he closed his book and raised his eyes upwards , acknowledging them all with a slight nod of the head .	shortly	eventually	soon	presently	then	briefly	thereafter	however	abruptly	periodically	within
go to hell ! she remembers paul yelling at her shortly after their wedding .	shortly	soon	until	sometime	immediately	briefly	just	approximately	particularly	simply	prematurely
they said to me that he spoke with those patient very shortly without any interest in the patient and many times , i had to say to him -- ' take care about those patients ' or something , you know .	shortly	briefly	much	often	long	soon	frequently	quietly	recently	simply	regularly
you shortly come upon grassingdon , a picturesque old village with lead mining heritage .	shortly	will	may	shall	soon	have	would	might	next	eventually	must
hannah will just keep spouting her pat answers . `` how about we all go to copperchino for coffee ? '' tyler suggested . `` we can talk there . '' `` can't , '' said becca shortly , as they reached the bike rack at the edge of the parking lot . `` today 's my mom 's staff meeting at the community center and i promised i 'd be home to watch alvaro . '' hannah nodded approvingly . `` jacie told me about the wonderful things your family is doing for that little alien boy .	shortly	briefly	quickly	sharply	simply	abruptly	formally	strongly	narrowly	mildly	suspiciously
they were penned by libertarianz founder ian fraser shortly before he left act in disgust .	shortly	soon	just	immediately	sometime	briefly	until	approximately	simply	prior	closely
the different variables defining the optimal state can therefore be seen as intrinsic needs .	therefore	also	thus	often	however	hence	obviously	actually	easily	consequently	accordingly
this is not a new phenomenon , but one inherent to capitalism itself and recognised by karl marx who pointed out that `` during its time of circulation capital does not perform the functions of productive capital and therefore produces neither commodities nor surplus-value '' 16 and , circulation proceeds in space and time .	therefore	thus	so	consequently	hence	ultimately	also	subsequently	accordingly	actually	initially
the terms therefore seek to preclude plaxo from complying with a request by an individual for alteration or deletion of their personal data .	therefore	thus	also	initially	nevertheless	effectively	hence	accordingly	allegedly	consequently	obviously
psychologists are not doctors and therefore they can not prescribe medication .	therefore	thus	so	hence	consequently	also	subsequently	however	accordingly	initially	instead
labour market deregulation is therefore instrumental in boosting jobs and reducing unemployment .	therefore	also	often	thus	hence	increasingly	obviously	economically	consequently	especially	actually
you should therefore report the break-in to the police .	therefore	also	not	nevertheless	immediately	probably	obviously	consequently	subsequently	undoubtedly	accordingly
we therefore oppose the government 's proposals .	therefore	also	must	nevertheless	shall	hence	consequently	thus	obviously	immediately	accordingly
this setting exists to prevent accidental 'panning ' on mouse downs that are intended for other actions ( and therefore , prevent unintended changing of the scaling into manual mode ) .	therefore	thus	hence	consequently	also	so	ultimately	moreover	accordingly	subsequently	instead
you will therefore permit me to repeat , emphatically , that marley was as dead as a door-nail .	therefore	also	thus	nevertheless	now	not	however	hence	consequently	instead	accordingly
they should take note of darius ' admonitions. -- well i think this is ok because they 're part of your race and therefore part of your extended family .	therefore	also	ultimately	consequently	thus	so	hence	subsequently	equally	initially	accordingly
the same is true if you are using internet newspaper sites : some media outlets can be worthy sources of information and analysis and others are not .	worthy	valuable	important	useful	good	reliable	great	sufficient	legitimate	trusted	credible
we are so profoundly ignorant in these matters , so far from anything worthy of the name of science , that one view is just as permissible and just as untrustworthy as the other .	worthy	capable	deserves	deserve	true	noble	proud	deserved	proper	rightful	respectful
but there has been a good campaign fought by all the candidates and i would like to think that a person taking his place in this house in the next week or two will be a worthy representative of the residents in north vancouver .	worthy	good	true	proper	capable	sufficient	proud	suitable	wise	valuable	keen
nicolson : 1 do n't think that anyone has suggested that in a good number of these amounts , the money is not going toward worthy causes .	worthy	good	noble	charitable	other	proper	the	philanthropic	useful	these	righteous
thirty-three-year-old delahaye was a popular figure in the paris office and was talked about as a worthy successor to robert capa .	worthy	suitable	capable	deserved	proper	useful	true	probable	proud	sufficient	pleasing
but i pictured carolyn looking just as slender and elegant , appearing at benefits for worthy causes .	worthy	noble	good	charitable	various	meritorious	philanthropic	patriotic	different	questionable	pointless
but overall , it makes for worthy listening on a good sound system .	worthy	good	interesting	great	fine	nice	quality	lovely	wonderful	valuable	fascinating
it means knowing and loving ourselves enough to open the doors to allow a higher understanding of what the idle half our minds are capable of doing , disciplining ourselves to use the gifts accurately , for worthy purposes .	worthy	good	useful	noble	wise	just	proper	appropriate	our	meritorious	justified
if babydaddy says he wo n't be around for the kid if you are n't sleeping with him , or you fear he wo n't , ask yourself if he 's a worthy boyfriend or father .	worthy	good	great	true	suitable	capable	proper	proud	potential	wise	sufficient
we fork over cash for all sorts of less worthy things .	worthy	valuable	deserved	important	noble	precious	costly	desirable	meritorious	prestigious	appropriate
thus , the analyst acquires knowledge about the nature of the patient through an awareness of something going on in him .	acquires	receives	gains	gets	possesses	learns	discovers	collects	gathers	recruits	purchases
a subsidiary was floated in the uk , tata tea ( gb ) ltd. , which acquired the controlling interest in the tetley group .	acquired	obtained	purchased	inherited	owned	gained	formed	became	accumulated	absorbed	assumed
with the offer now completed , 2016091 ontario inc. will proceed with further steps to acquire the remaining ixos shares not owned by it , in accordance with german law .	acquire	purchase	obtain	buy	absorb	occupy	collect	accumulate	engage	assemble	intercept
teacher education students will acquire the knowledge and skills required to apply current and emerging educational technologies both as teachers in training and as practicing teachers .	acquire	obtain	learn	gain	attain	develop	possess	gather	accumulate	adopt	assemble
how many times have i caught up with those people several years later , to discover that they have acquired a lifestyle , a car and a mortgage to match their salary , and that their initial ideals have faded to the haziest of memories , which they now dismiss as a post-adolescent fantasy ?	acquired	gained	purchased	obtained	accumulated	earned	attained	amassed	adopted	secured	assembled
then judge whether you already have these skills in some form or could reasonably acquire them before retirement .	acquire	obtain	attain	possess	purchase	earn	accumulate	adopt	collect	initiate	engage
thank you for having osiris here . we 've been involved in mesenchymal stem cell , adult stem cell research for about 11 years now . our technology came out of arnie kaplan 's lab and was acquired from case western at that time , and we 've been solely focused in that area since on several applications .	acquired	purchased	bought	inherited	obtained	transferred	owned	gained	adopted	pursued	endowed
provides counseling , education and advocacy programs which help area residents acquire and retain/maintain safe and affordable housing .	acquire	obtain	purchase	attain	gain	earn	secure	accumulate	assemble	initiate	engage
more than 200 of the most significant works acquired by the corning museum of glass during the 1990s , to augment its holdings of 35,000 objects , are featured here .	acquired	purchased	owned	obtained	amassed	collected	bought	accumulated	gained	assembled	offered
yet the last four are unattainable , the narrator insists , if you ca n't acquire the personal security -- the `` inner core , `` says covey -- that presumably comes from a mastery of the foundation .	acquire	obtain	possess	gain	develop	retain	attain	earn	achieve	accumulate	initiate
anointing of the sick may be repeated if the person becomes ill again or the danger becomes more acute .	acute	severe	immediate	intense	imminent	extreme	apparent	extensive	evident	urgent	overwhelming
using occasional case studies , cutler defines her terms and provides specific examples of acute and chronic allergens causing asthma and allergic reactions and the genetic , environmental , metabolic , and little-known causes that play roles in asthma onset .	acute	immediate	intense	intensive	chronic	initial	annual	elementary	adverse	traumatic	inhaled
patchwork solutions produced by the personality ethic are like painkillers for an acute disease ; the problems might be temporarily hidden , only to return later with a vengeance .	acute	immediate	intense	urgent	internal	inflammatory	initial	elementary	adverse	ill	annual
hands , in particular , seem to be acute qi detectors and transmitters .	acute	sensitive	excellent	sharp	strong	effective	powerful	keen	apt	heightened	accurate
recommendations regards less of inappropriately placed patients in acute hospitals and the difficulties associated in placing these patients we estimate that the equivalent of a fully resourced general hospital ( 130million ) is taken up by p atients who have suffered from preventable error .	acute	general	chronic	urban	emergency	intensive	urgent	ill	adult	elementary	essential
coronavirus as a possible cause of severe acute respiratory syndrome .	acute	adverse	intense	annual	adult	explosive	urgent	initial	alcoholic	apparent	offensive
by sheer personal determination he raised the subject of psychic phenomena into the arena of acute controversy -- and kept it there .	acute	intense	severe	sharp	grave	extreme	immediate	profound	inevitable	personal	urgent
isis-3 : a randomised trial of streptokinase vs tissue plasminogen activator vs anistreplase and of aspirin plus heparin vs aspirin alone among 41,299 cases of suspected acute myocardial infarction .	acute	initial	immediate	annual	anterior	cardiac	intense	traumatic	elementary	arrest	imminent
`` generous chinese loans ' the best recovery that money can buy ' for all its fragilities , nothing yet has slowed this fire-breathing dragon - not the asian financial crisis of 1997-'98 ; not the internet and technology crash ; not synchronous global recession of 2001 ; and not this year 's outbreak of severe acute respiratory syndrome , or sars .	acute	urgent	annual	adverse	advanced	adult	intense	a	accelerated	airborne	traumatic
does this woman have an acute uncomplicated urinary tract infection ?	acute	advanced	immediate	annual	extreme	early	initial	apparent	extensive	adult	elementary
wherever the azt caravan stopped , it presented physicians from important metropolitan centres like london and new york .	caravan	convoy	vehicle	wagon	group	procession	ambulance	team	flotilla	contingent	troupe
your trailer or caravan must be fitted with an approved style number plate .	caravan	van	vehicle	jeep	tent	convoy	cab	solar	sedan	rv	trolley
if you sat facing cologne you could n't see the chimney stacks further up the river , if you squinted you could n't see the caravan park on the other side , if you drank enough weisse weijn the thronging day-trippers greyed-themselves out .	caravan	trailer	rv	safari	holiday	van	theme	canoe	fun	beer	hostel
tent , caravan or campervan . make sure of your future work plans before you move on from your present location .	caravan	wagon	tent	trailer	barn	van	pavilion	bunk	stable	tents	hostel
you might think of several caravans of trucks all using the same road system to carry materials .	caravans	groups	trucks	convoys	companies	types	families	herds	packs	wagons	miles
the town is also well known as a transit point for the camel caravans bringing salt up from the arid lands of the dankal depression .	caravans	convoys	herds	boats	traders	wagons	routes	traffic	vehicles	races	columns
in his distress of mind at being left behind by the caravan , he had not noticed where he had thrown the load .	caravan	group	others	bandits	convoy	wagon	army	flotilla	gang	camel	company
about the time that ross , trudo , and benware were beating tipton senseless , the three-vehicle caravan , led by the blazer , with defendant as the driver and harris as a passenger , pulled into the parking lot .	caravan	convoy	team	group	trailer	procession	van	posse	unit	contingent	rv
lazy lizard caravan park , pine creek small and nondescript caravan park behind the pine creek tavern , off the stuart highway .	caravan	tent	rv	trailer	theme	holiday	canoe	pavilion	safari	picnic	campground
directly away from where the caravan was headed . : : : yang watched the exchange with interest .	caravan	convoy	wagon	group	tent	herd	flotilla	procession	troupe	concession	contingent
to understand why this should have been so , we need to look more closely at the nature of the style and its origins .	closely	carefully	deeply	strictly	broadly	generally	tightly	directly	widely	intently	narrowly
some people have guessed that this radiation is closely related to a period of intense cold and a high level of ice cover occurring around 600 mya ; perhaps environmental stresses wiped out competitors and created opportunities for a ( relatively ) clever animal to succeed and proliferate .	closely	directly	strongly	loosely	tightly	intimately	roughly	precisely	strictly	broadly	highly
they are working closely with natural tunnel state park , where the staff , eager to have additional housing nearby , have assured the bakers that they will be booked on a regular basis since the demand for housing outweighs supply .	closely	along	strongly	together	carefully	heavily	tightly	extensively	fiercely	broadly	severely
the department is also working closely with hm customs and excise who are in the lead on developing the national lorry road user charging scheme .	closely	together	strongly	heavily	extensively	carefully	significantly	tightly	along	regularly	broadly
retail : in the u.s. , analysts will be looking closely at third-quarter results .	closely	carefully	heavily	intently	hard	directly	widely	strictly	highly	tightly	broadly
their academic careers are closely intertwined with social and political developments such as secularisation and antisemitism .	closely	strongly	intimately	deeply	tightly	directly	loosely	highly	broadly	significantly	painfully
`` the baby has developed very normally and has been followed closely .	closely	carefully	strongly	precisely	regularly	intently	strictly	constantly	correctly	broadly	steadily
to prevent asthma episodes you will have to work closely with your doctor to : develop a medicine plan that keeps you from getting symptoms .	closely	carefully	heavily	directly	along	extensively	highly	strongly	deeply	significantly	separately
problems are flagged quickly and , working closely with your staff , we propose solutions .	closely	carefully	together	along	heavily	strongly	tightly	highly	broadly	significantly	separately
what women want on a first date ( updated thursday , dec 5 , 2002 , 02:06:55 pm to reflect the 100 most recent valid responses. ) assuming you are a woman , which most closely matches your idea of a great first date ?	closely	exactly	precisely	strongly	accurately	generally	loosely	broadly	roughly	tightly	strictly
but that last statistic is misleading , because a variety of studies shows that about 40 % of the workers who do n't take up healthcare offers have coverage through a spouse , and another 20 % ( likely younger workers ) decline coverage to save money .	decline	reduce	refuse	lack	accept	reject	request	fail	delay	discount	spur
in an interview for this survey , gordon brown , the british chancellor and himself a scotsman , said that support for the snp declined as the election neared because the party failed to give convincing answers to big questions about how it would run scotland 's economy .	declined	reduced	failed	diminished	faded	recovered	fell	deteriorated	slowed	descended	bowed
st. lawrence cement increased domestic cement deliveries , but on balance volumes declined owing to delivery bottlenecks in the northeastern us .	declined	failed	reduced	recovered	fell	diminished	faded	lowered	depressed	bowed	yielded
the air force has experienced low levels of equipment availability in the last five years , and availability of the hercules and the aurora fleets continues to decline .	decline	reduce	recover	fall	fail	remain	descend	graduate	fade	dim	shrink
high school non-completion rates continue to decline 5 and an increasing number of young people are pursuing post-secondary education 6 .	decline	fall	reduce	recover	lower	dip	develop	descend	slide	dim	fade
whenever there is a condition with results in cardiac dysfunction stroke volume will eventually declined .	declined	drop	dropped	reduced	fall	increased	rise	reduce	lowered	collapse	descend
the productivity of crops and pastures , as well as the health of other vegetation , declines as the saline watertable reaches their root zones .	declines	drops	reduces	suffers	descends	grades	returns	recover	strains	lowers	transforms
unhappy with being called to task for declining scores , political educators complained that the tests were unfair to some , so they watered them down - - as if 2+2=4 was being challenged as unfair on racial , gender or other social-oriented measures .	declining	falling	dropping	failing	their	reducing	lowering	changing	deteriorating	disappointing	slipping
in particular , per capita incomes in africa have declined relative to the industrial countries and in some countries have declined in absolute terms .	declined	reduced	recovered	diminished	retreated	fallen	deteriorated	faded	slowed	descended	degraded
the garch model is an infinite order arch model with a geometrically declining set of weights .	declining	infinite	discrete	regular	finite	defined	bounded	ordered	consistent	convex	simple
i will not endure the laughter of the court .	endure	suffer	tolerate	survive	withstand	bear	expect	accept	undergo	sustain	permit
and this combined annual incidence-rate will endure indefinitely too , until the annual production-rate is altered .	endure	continue	persist	survive	last	remain	exist	preserve	extend	linger	retain
positive attitude overcomes pelvic pain former athlete janet h has endured 20 operations and has been reduced to surviving on a special liquid diet after being stricken 24 years ago with endometriosis .	endured	suffered	survived	undergone	faced	experienced	underwent	encountered	sustained	witnessed	weathered
what was n't my fault was the ordeal i had to endure to fix it .	endure	suffer	undergo	withstand	survive	experience	undertake	overcome	tolerate	traverse	administer
developers are routinely asked to endure the hardships of design extremes , such as a low-memory footprint , in order to reduce total system cost .	endure	suffer	withstand	undergo	face	accept	tolerate	survive	confront	bear	sustain
the white sox , who are enduring what i call the curse of the 1919 black sox ?	enduring	suffering	experiencing	surviving	continuing	under	undergoing	sustaining	fighting	facing	acknowledging
and , to a large extent i have harvard to thank for that -- for the extraordinary role models i studied and studied under and the friendships i made that have endured .	endured	survived	suffered	persisted	remained	sustained	prevailed	existed	occurred	unfolded	upheld
now here he is , gowned and on a gurney , forced to endure a medical procedure all because of some soup .	endure	suffer	undergo	survive	withstand	undertake	tolerate	sustain	administer	contend	commence
however , people often endured inadequate at because of the lack of a viable alternative .	endured	felt	suffered	suffer	feel	have	were	experienced	are	experience	faced
the campaign should challenge the notion that prostate problems are an inevitable part of ageing to be endured rather than investigated .	endured	suffered	experienced	survived	avoided	faced	ignored	enjoyed	sustained	resisted	inflicted
the hispanic family : an untapped resource one step that schools can take is to understand and tap into an important and underutilized source of strength -- the hispanic extended family .	extended	expanded	traditional	nuclear	immediate	entire	ancestral	integrated	hispanic	ethnic	intellectual
) and recording an extended soundcheck on a little tape machine that may end up playing a big role on our next record .	extended	early	expanded	entire	interrupted	abbreviated	open	elongated	original	epic	animated
discussion top in this study , we have shown that recombinant gp120 increases the permeability of brain endothelium cultures to albumin , most likely by altering the cell morphology and inducing extended intercellular gaps that allow passage of macromolecules and probably facilitate cell transmigration across the bbb .	extended	long	expanded	large	short	increased	elongated	the	additional	enhanced	enlarged
nuclear family this unit observes and assesses the effectiveness of childcare in the nuclear family home environment , looking at the childrens ' experience with their parents and extended family .	extended	immediate	entire	other	expanded	traditional	older	invited	inner	enlarged	integrated
at work : calling in sick , coming in late , leaving early , taking extended breaks , giving up your territory ( `` why do n't you let mary take over that assignment for you `` ) .	extended	long	short	longer	prolonged	lengthy	out	repeated	longest	elongated	overnight
( grieve 1927a , 19 ) [ 9 ] this book therefore marked the beginning of what was to be an extended battle between macdiarmid , as well as the other celticist fundamentalists in the nps , and the conservative nationalists of the scottish party .	extended	open	early	long	armed	expanded	arms	ongoing	elongated	prolonged	increased
not surprisingly , ellison spends a considerable amount of time describing the results of his own extended fieldwork among efe hunter-gatherers and lese horticulturalists living in the rainforests of the democratic republic of congo .	extended	long	ongoing	independent	original	lengthy	archeological	prolonged	traditional	expanded	epic
extended warranties for desktop computers tend to be rip-offs , because you would usually pay an independent technician much less in repair costs over the same period that a typical extended warranty costs to provide repair cover .	extended	expanded	long	increased	advanced	expired	enhanced	longer	continued	elongated	longest
i 've always been kind of at loose ends whenever i 'm given an extended period of free time .	extended	allowed	elongated	expanded	expired	long	allotted	outstanding	unlimited	increased	entire
i was taking a prescription medication over an extended length of time under the supervision of a physician who specializes in the management of pain .	extended	expanded	increased	long	even	outstanding	elongated	excessive	unusually	appropriate	important
this external communication could be with external trading partners or within the organization .	external	internal	foreign	outside	other	international	outer	outward	inner	independent	outsider
that is , we can be glad so long as we do not believe in external authority ( for example , the testimony of others ) alone for our religious beliefs .	external	outside	internal	foreign	an	outward	earthly	other	outer	the	another
the external appearance of each type of extinguisher maybe different and each carries its own instructions for use .	external	physical	outward	internal	outer	outside	general	visual	overall	inner	architectural
external resources : assess external resources and the community 's institutional , political , technical , legal and fiscal capability to engage in hazard mitigation and response .	external	internal	foreign	outside	international	other	environmental	global	overseas	offshore	ex
q can you kindly advise if team roles change with different team members and external factors e.g . company setting , cultural context ?	external	other	different	outside	environmental	various	independent	internal	additional	foreign	environment
external links to other internet sites should not be construed as an endorsement of the views or privacy policies contained therein .	external	the	these	such	any	internal	all	indirect	visual	international	open
when careful measurements are taken of current flows in the generator and in the external circuit , evidence suggests that electric charges are appearing at the periphery of the generator and disappearing at the center of the generator that do not actually pass through the generator .	external	internal	other	outside	electric	outer	surrounding	electrical	inner	adjacent	applied
many spiritual traditions still eschew technological techniques in favor of more `` authentic `` ones ; so unassisted meditation is said to be better than use of mind machines , electronic biofeedback , or psychotropic chemicals , and the use of technology as a sign of attachment to `` worldly `` things or reliance on external crutches rather than `` self-realization .	external	physical	internal	human	inner	body	outer	outside	bodily	individual	emotional
`` nothing came to our attention indicating evidence of influence or pressure from internal or external sources , `` he wrote .	external	outside	outer	foreign	internal	international	other	outward	environmental	independent	outgoing
the end of the cold war could not but sharply increase its international isolation and legitimacy deficit ; bartering its anti-communist credentials for external assistance was no longer a feasible option .	external	foreign	outside	international	government	internal	overseas	institutional	outer	environmental	export
the emancipation of women can only be completed when a fundamental transformation of living is effected ; and life-styles will change only with the fundamental transformation of all production and the establishment of a communist economy .	fundamental	profound	basic	major	necessary	general	radical	substantial	crucial	global	thorough
but as the approach moves into the commercial realm , especially the software business , it 's challenging fundamental notions about who owns ideas and how best to foster innovation .	fundamental	the	traditional	basic	all	our	conventional	essential	some	those	many
the occasion is often a personal failure of fundamental understanding , where understanding transcends the grammar of associative consciousness .	fundamental	basic	general	essential	profound	universal	personal	theoretical	adequate	formal	primal
first , he clearly distinguishes norms or values within the social network as having a fundamental impact on the development of social capital .	fundamental	major	vital	crucial	basic	profound	substantial	direct	substantive	compelling	cornerstone
`` we 're trying to build things that work and to prove theorems about why they work.we 're trying to articulate the more fundamental concepts of the field . '' koditschek mentions alan turing , who in the early 20th century first envisioned machines capable of methodical , goal-directed computation .	fundamental	basic	essential	important	general	vital	profound	elementary	crucial	elemental	primal
two of the fundamental limitations of northern eias are the lack of adequate ecological baseline data and the lack of an adequate framework or method to link ecological and social components of the environment .	fundamental	basic	major	main	primary	essential	core	principal	principle	crucial	profound
we generally do not permit transferral into the second year due to the unique nature of our course and fundamental skills that are learnt in the first year , but you are welcome to discuss your case with the admissions tutor .	fundamental	basic	the	necessary	essential	key	vital	core	specific	valuable	crucial
would you rather have made the camera that shot citizen kane , or make citizen kane ? '' silicon alley is unique , but the fundamental processes that have facilitated its emergence are not .	fundamental	basic	essential	underlying	molecular	very	elementary	intrinsic	profound	inherent	elemental
they will also support two fundamental instructional objectives .	fundamental	basic	major	key	essential	core	principle	crucial	necessary	elementary	profound
the training demands outlined above ; the needs of governors for trained , well-led , and appropriately organized forces to defend against terrorist threats ; and possible political pressures not to deploy some arng units during times of heightened terrorist threats will demand a fundamental reexamination of army organization .	fundamental	major	significant	basic	substantial	profound	radical	vital	further	thorough	considerable
to facilitate that involvement , the university will maintain appropriate processes within which students can communicate their views by formal and informal means , and can , directly or through their representatives , actively contribute to decisions affecting the university community .	informal	formal	unofficial	casual	institutional	indirect	unconventional	alternative	applied	improvised	implicit
this is one of the most important areas of informal employment and can take place in home-based , micro-enterprise-based or in factory-based locations .	informal	formal	alternative	casual	indirect	unofficial	secondary	unconventional	irregular	loose	minority
there are also quite a number of informal barriers .	informal	formal	other	unofficial	additional	official	institutional	symbolic	casual	implicit	conventional
for instance , copls generally provide interface specifications ( formal or informal ) for classes by running a tool such as javadoc or eiffel 's ' short ' over the class definition , meaning that the poor person writing a class has to write to 4 different ' audiences ' at once : the compiler , people writing code that uses the class , people writing derived classes and people maintaining the class itself .	informal	unofficial	formal	casual	unconventional	approximate	intuitive	improvised	institutional	impromptu	implicit
institutions can be informal or formal .	informal	casual	formal	unofficial	institutional	loose	impromptu	unconventional	intimate	improvised	implicit
things continued on an informal , personal basis , by phone , i [ remained ] close friends with two of them , but izzat al gazawi died last year .	informal	intimate	unofficial	impromptu	formal	occasional	abbreviated	institutional	casual	everyday	approximate
schoolyard habitats - national wildlife federation - offers an array of resources and programs for formal and informal k-12 educators in a traditional classroom situation , nature center or other youth service facility .	informal	formal	casual	unofficial	evening	unconventional	applied	institutional	impromptu	loose	secondary
since kt is the established symbol for the kilotonne , kn is the best choice as a symbol for the knot . knot [ 2 ] an informal unit of distance equal to the nautical mile .	informal	international	unofficial	official	alternative	everyday	empirical	obsolete	approximate	arbitrary	institutional
jeffs and smith suggest that informal educators are `` guided ... by their understanding of what makes for the good ; of what makes for human well being '' ( 1990 : 1 7-1 8 ) .	informal	effective	formal	social	good	progressive	some	many	systematic	individual	inclusive
key findings are available in the informal education archives : ; full report : `` institute of public policy research 2003 reprinted here with the kind permission of the institute of public policy research first placed in the archives : december 2003	informal	public	alternative	higher	formal	international	online	adult	new	distance	progressive
the investigators , all part of a team known as the antithrombotic trialists ' collaboration ( atc ) , looked at whether the antiplatelets cut patients ' risk of heart attack , stroke and death from a cardiovascular cause .	investigators	researchers	scientists	participants	authors	authorities	experts	explorers	operators	survivors	respondents
reilly says he lost interest in the phone tap after finding in the wastebasket a piece of carbon paper with the impression of 15 questions which otepka had allegedly typed out for senate investigators to ask reilly .	investigators	officials	members	researchers	detectives	reporters	officers	prosecutors	agents	personnel	inspectors
`` [ new york times , 9/11/02 ] oct 5 , 2002 : congressional investigators say the fbi 's efforts to block their inquiry makes them skeptical of fbi assertions .	investigators	officials	prosecutors	authorities	researchers	inquiries	officers	agents	detectives	analysts	inspectors
the key to good science in this field is always to keep the experiment totally under the control of the investigators and to use blind and double-blind testing procedures wherever possible .	investigators	researchers	scientists	authorities	authors	operators	participants	collaborators	experiments	academics	respondents
leading international private detective and private investigator firm for all private investigations , we stand ready with any private detective or private investigator matter .	investigator	detective	agent	eye	attorney	inspector	informant	owner	insurance	artist	entrepreneur
in addition , it is important for clinicians and investigators to account for any herbs or natural products being taken by their patients or research subjects that might interact with traditional treatments .	investigators	researchers	scientists	scholars	authors	authorities	psychologists	others	collaborators	academics	explorers
american investigators had to be sent anywhere but holland .	investigators	authorities	researchers	officers	forces	police	detectives	experts	observers	operatives	inquiries
they suggest that investigators of new religious movements should look into adaptation in host communities as well as nrms , and that they pay special attention to the role of the mass media in this two-way process of adaptation .	investigators	leaders	scholars	researchers	advocates	practitioners	representatives	observers	proponents	supporters	followers
the present , rejecting attitude restricts investigators to using simple tools , which are incapable of answering the questions skeptics demand be answered .	investigators	people	scientists	researchers	us	science	believers	them	practitioners	itself	adherents
there he was a section leader for inorganic chemistry and principal investigator on several research projects dealing with actinide coordination and organometallic chemistry , organometallic chemical vapor deposition , and technetium-99 chemistry .	investigator	author	researcher	scientist	director	collaborator	principal	operator	analyst	protagonist	instrument
`` something will hopefully be done `` , to ensure that even if the mission were to close tomorrow , fm103 `` continues in some form or sort , to consolidate the peace process .	mission	station	project	mine	expedition	embassy	meeting	summit	objective	border	situation
`` what we 're seeing over time is the equivalent of mission creep : cases that would not be terrorism cases before sept. 11 are swept onto the terrorism docket , `` said juliette kayyem , a former clinton administration justice official who heads the national security program at harvard university 's john f. kennedy school of government .	mission	operation	case	concept	function	agent	job	timeline	protocol	message	nerve
and are we doing it in a way that keeps us competitive economically ? his question defined his passion , my stewardship and the mission of the environmental protection agency .	mission	purpose	function	story	goal	message	responsibility	business	name	model	strategy
local churches reproduce themselves in their neighborhood and on the mission field .	mission	work	home	world	battle	charity	gospel	farm	message	preaching	martyr
`` 52 the method of al imam al shafi'i in his book , al risalah al imam al shafi'i began his book by describing the state of mankind just before the mission of the prophet .	mission	death	return	flight	departure	coming	arrival	ministry	conversion	deed	resurrection
there are many important and urgent responsibilities to attract the missionary 's attention on the mission field , e.g . adult literacy . social and developmental projects , educational and medical work .	mission	charity	task	message	world	home	gospel	ministry	bible	christian	field
e-mail to : methodius baptist union of great britain - archive of mission-related dissertations with a focus on baptist mission in the uk e-mail to : darrell jackson , mission adviser bethany christian services ( bcs ) - bcs is a non-profit organization with a mission to protect and enhance the lives of children and individuals through professional social services like int . and dom . adoption , counseling ( pregnancy+family ) foster care and a 1-800-bethany hotline .	mission	ministry	church	life	work	movement	service	message	gospel	cause	model
nk : we are the children of the hippie generation and girl has been imbued with this mission from her mother from a very young age .	mission	message	philosophy	vision	motto	gift	purpose	responsibility	dedication	attitude	theme
c. operational role of weu weu 's operational role will be strengthened by examining and defining appropriate missions , structures and means , covering in particular : weu planning cell ; closer military cooperation complementary to the alliance in particular in the fields of logistics , transport , training and strategic surveillance ; meetings of weu chiefs of defence staff ; military units answerable to weu .	missions	functions	roles	objectives	tasks	operations	models	targets	capabilities	messages	maps
that said , the best foundations are focused on accomplishing programmatic missions .	missions	goals	objectives	tasks	projects	purposes	targets	aims	functions	ambitions	dreams
there is something just so profound about that .	profound	deep	powerful	fundamental	monumental	solemn	mystical	genuine	divine	dire	potent
segall and timiras discovered profound changes in neurotransmitter levels in the brains of their experimental animals , but were unable to explore the implications of these changes with regard to aging because their funding ran out .	profound	significant	subtle	deep	fundamental	the	considerable	extensive	substantial	drastic	numerous
the human genome project is going to be of profound significance for the pharmaceuticals and healthcare sectors , offering real hope in the treatment of conditions such as cystic fibrosis and cancer .	profound	great	deep	immense	tremendous	major	considerable	vital	fundamental	dire	monumental
25 association , of course , does not establish causality -- but it raises the possibility that the profound and apparently deepening pessimism about personal circumstances widely reflected in an array of opinion polls and surveys is among the determinants underlying russia 's fearsome levels of cardiovascular death .	profound	deep	widespread	subtle	fundamental	devastating	vast	deeply	total	mere	grave
if you hesitate , therefore , a moment , or if , after reflection , you produce any intricate or profound argument , you , in a manner , give up the question , and confess that it is not reasoning which engages us to suppose the past resembling the future , and to expect similar effects from causes which are , to appearance , similar .	profound	deep	powerful	radical	elaborate	solemn	penetrating	sophisticated	grave	mature	thorough
a fresh miracle , one with a profound political dimension and such spectacular possibilities was just what they had to be looking for . [ 8 ] lourdes ' mother superior is depicted as a jealous , resentful and ambitious woman who viewed the newly arrived order as a threat-a competitor for donations and novices .	profound	deep	deeply	deeper	major	subtle	powerful	truly	rich	fundamental	dire
you have surely given an exceptional argument which raises many profound questions concerning the foundations of artificial intelligence .	profound	deep	fundamental	serious	subtle	disturbing	sensitive	potent	grave	solemn	dire
return to contents natural selection and other mechanisms-such as chromosomal changes , symbiosis and hybridization-can drive profound changes in populations over time .	profound	significant	dramatic	substantial	major	considerable	drastic	vast	fundamental	remarkable	great
gaining the confidence of local residents , for example , so that they will allow the students to enter and test their homes requires profound cultural understanding .	profound	deep	considerable	great	thorough	some	a	vast	deeply	tremendous	total
but even willy 's conception of the past is not as idyllic as it seems on the surface , as his split consciousness , the profound rift in his psyche , shows through .	profound	deep	fundamental	severe	major	deepest	momentary	total	subtle	gaping	depth
`` what meeks did not mention is that guea bought the building from her church , victory apostolic faith church in chicago , where she and her father are prominent members , according to cook county property records and the church 's web site .	prominent	leading	distinguished	notable	influential	active	popular	senior	eminent	longtime	substantial
among the recipients were prominent journalists and producers , scions of the alternative press , and a smattering of current and former intelligence analysts who often serve as sources in news analyses and articles .	prominent	distinguished	notable	leading	famous	popular	influential	noted	successful	eminent	respected
update posted at 10:00 am -- permalink back in this post , i reported that the tropicana hotel in las vegas had stopped accepting reservations for after april 15 and that a prominent demolition company had told a reporter that it was studying how to blow up the place .	prominent	local	major	small	large	leading	famous	nearby	notable	respected	purported
`` evidence is easily found of multipolarity and china 's prominent role in promoting it .	prominent	leading	notable	significant	substantial	distinguished	dominant	conspicuous	active	predominant	noticeable
reeling from the effects of world war ii , prominent local businessmen led by the visionary archie jewell , purchased the building in 1943 and renovated it to become `` the international house `` , a newly-created non-profit trade association dedicated to world peace , trade and understanding .	prominent	several	notable	wealthy	leading	various	influential	distinguished	certain	substantial	successful
there were five references to crawford : three dealing with his present claims that he lied on behalf of the tobacco companies , one dealing with a property dispute , and another , which identified him as a prominent criminal lawyer , who had been involved in 33 capital cases .	prominent	distinguished	famous	former	notable	leading	successful	noted	respected	substantial	famed
expansion of markets , improvement of profit potential , and reduction of cost factors join the enhancement of competitive position as prominent forces moving organizations toward globalization .	prominent	major	important	key	active	primary	dominant	driving	the	central	three
i have argued in my previous article for pdf that `` [ f ] or armstrong williams-like bloggers actually paid by campaigns or other political committees to promote or attack a candidate for federal office , prominent and on-the-spot disclosure should be mandated . '' a disclosure on a campaign 's website in a quarterly report after the election deprives voters of valuable information about the possible motivations for an analysis or commentary appearing on a website .	prominent	immediate	anonymous	interviews	transparency	such	reporting	advertising	research	identification	disclosure
this pattern of bad journalism is a prominent feature of every pro-hoax text and video .	prominent	notable	distinct	common	distinctive	conspicuous	substantial	distinguished	dominant	prevalent	predominant
apple vs. microsoft my altavista survey results revealed that `` gates hate `` is more prominent among mac fans than with other groups -- providing a rationale for starting with apple in our examination of the various conflicts listed above .	prominent	common	notable	prevalent	frequent	predominant	noted	noticeable	commonly	evident	substantial
in short , he may be rendered insane upon every subject which is not founded on , and which does not remain in never-varying consistency with , the facts that surround mankind .	rendered	made	declared	deemed	termed	found	turned	struck	pronounced	accounted	wrought
a shared interest in prosperity has not been enough to render benign alienage and the political erasures of borders .	render	prevent	spare	halt	overcome	afford	sustain	stop	deter	reverse	justify
it is , therefore , without any substance to urge that the services under the scheme are rendered free of charge and , therefore , the scheme is not a `` service `` under the act .	rendered	provided	made	performed	given	done	paid	furnished	deemed	borne	afforded
posted by : robrob at june 23 , 2005 02:04 am where will the greed of corporations intent on rendering skilled american workers obsolete end ?	rendering	making	turning	creating	converting	yielding	declaring	manufacturing	forcing	becoming	affecting
in general , the speech stylesheet will not attempt to specify the mapping between visual layout tags and speech properties , instead leaving it to specific browser implementations and user-specific stylesheets to decide how such tags are rendered .	rendered	displayed	represented	presented	portrayed	generated	provided	modeled	shown	processed	perceived
you produce the content , and my browser decides -- along with some input from me -- how to render the content .	render	display	generate	rate	provide	export	translate	execute	reproduce	sequence	calculate
in particular , provision of an alternative route for cyclists should never be regarded as an excuse for rendering the original road or junction unsuitable for cyclists .	rendering	affecting	making	providing	converting	declaring	turning	restoring	forming	contracting	yielding
although technological advancements make it possible to ship products from one side of the world to the other within a few days , abuse of a good-quality food before , during or after transportation and storage may render it spoiled or unsafe by the time it reaches the consumer .	render	make	declare	provide	find	leave	turn	become	comprise	afford	reproduce
`` this renders necessary a brief review of the position occupied by the administration on this important and vital question .	renders	makes	is	leaves	becomes	seems	remains	means	proves	yields	afford
schon ( 1983,1987 ) has noted that `` practice is characterized by indeterminacy , and what distinguishes the excellent practitioner from the merely adequate one is the ability to render indeterminate situations determinate .	render	make	declare	provide	maintain	afford	find	perform	give	convey	denote
( missing last minute ) ( gsn/wo/c/a+/133 ) biography bob barker ( a+ ) mark goodson ( a+ ) deal a very interesting and intimate behind-the scenes look at `` let 's make a deal `` , one of the most popular game shows of all time .	scenes	hours	moments	tracks	songs	sides	tables	lyrics	seasons	interiors	logs
hence becoming the scene of more than one major battle between the olde enemy england .	scene	site	location	spot	setting	object	seat	subject	floor	victim	host
framed by the remains of a smoking , burning doorway and silhouetted against the light , ethan squats and surveys the butchered dead , and his head drops as he imagines the torture that three family members suffered , including martha 's rape . [ a similar scene of luke skywalker 's discovery of his aunt and uncle 's burning home after their murder by imperial stormtroopers is found in george lucas ' star wars ( 1977 ) .	scene	story	sequence	plot	image	situation	moment	setting	dream	motif	motive
`` it does n't come into play unless you 're actually at a scene or taking action photographs , but digital cameras do not have a shutter speed fast enough to photograph action , '' says pasqualone .	scene	site	location	place	situation	moment	task	plot	camera	crowd	lot
every scene seems totally natural like it could have really happened , and yet the movie is not a dull slice-of-life diorama either .	scene	moment	line	day	event	situation	part	chapter	sequence	image	page
undoubtedly a mainstay of the texas music scene , one of lloyd 's best known credits is his daughter , natalie maines , the lead singer for the grammy award winning dixie chicks .	scene	industry	community	circuit	sound	market	boom	session	floor	calendar	grid
on the plus side , the immediate mode offers the possibility of exploring dynamic scenes .	scenes	situations	moments	sequences	characters	events	images	conditions	transitions	environments	settings
both times we have a cajus who goes out to walk ; both times a carriage full of people , who both times sing and shout ; both times cajus meets with the carnage ; both times a family is mentioned ; both times an aged woman figures in the scene ; both times the hand is kissed .	scene	picture	background	story	image	landscape	setting	plot	narrative	situation	conversation
`` reverse : whaling scene with two boats , one being stove by a whale ; ship in background , labeled `` 18 jan 1851 / the accident off new zealand .	scene	ship	landscape	boat	situation	day	party	site	picture	setting	deck
if we do not take a lead on the national scene , our fate will be in the hands of others -- others who are not likely to share our mission or concerns .	scene	landscape	floor	situation	map	team	page	grid	surface	dream	happening
3 [ 432 u.s. 312 , 332 ] i suspect that the only justification for the court 's decision today is its belief that the statute is unfair in its application .	suspect	believe	think	suppose	doubt	find	confess	fear	suggest	imagine	expect
it is doubtful that many viewers who witness the process and effects of such nefarious and insidious `` mind control `` in their entertainment , ever suspect that they themselves are the victims of similar programs of influence and plots of intrigue in real life .	suspect	think	believe	guess	suppose	consider	suggest	confess	question	detect	conjecture
this variable degree of symptoms can make the diagnosis of an oxidative metabolic disorder more difficult to recognize , but should be highly suspected when myopathy and encephalopathy are present together .	suspected	considered	regarded	suggested	thought	presumed	appreciated	checked	correlated	desired	doubted
if you suspect something is out of the ordinary then its time to call the police and either pass on the information or request to see an officer if necessary .	suspect	think	believe	know	feel	notice	sense	find	worry	decide	detect
i suspect that all the other committees will have an away day and that all of those will have a european element .	suspect	think	suppose	fear	doubt	assume	worry	imagine	fancy	sense	likelihood
suspected of conspiracy , securities fraud and obstruction of justice , stewart is ultimately indicted , found guilty of all charges and sentenced to five months in prison followed by five months of house arrest .	suspected	accused	thought	considered	found	guilty	presumed	wanted	cleared	suggested	possibly
here 's a cross-section : -- wizbang 's kevin alyward : '' i remain skeptical of the argument the schindler 's lawyers have put forth ( they claimed that terri schiavo 's religious and due process rights have been violated ) in their federal case , and suspect the supreme court may decided not to hear the case .	suspect	believe	think	that	hope	fear	expect	assume	suggest	worry	feel
either way , it appears that the spdc commander suspects that the rice has gone to the knla .	suspects	thinks	believes	knows	suggests	finds	sorts	hints	feels	senses	discovers
i suspect i will be able to nitpick all counterarguments .	suspect	think	believe	suppose	doubt	fear	assume	expect	fancy	imagine	dread
plaintiff presents , as an example of `` government spying , `` an incident in which another person is suspected , without factual basis , of being an infiltrator : on october 10 , 2001 , seattle central community college freedom socialists club held a form entitled `` a speakout against war .	suspected	accused	presumed	considered	thought	claimed	alleged	suggested	regarded	speculated	conceived
spaghettini with mullet roe and grated vegetables , and penne with sundried tomatoes and basil were both full of flavour and pleasantly light , which was lucky as i was almost defeated by an exceptionally tender and tasty lamb shank to follow .	tender	soft	delicate	delicious	thin	sensitive	mature	lean	cooked	vulnerable	softer
women usually notice little change in their breasts , but if you are a man , your breasts may become slightly larger and may be tender .	tender	sensitive	painful	uncomfortable	harder	softer	delicate	vulnerable	sore	exposed	intimate
`` i can be very , very strong , but on the other hand , i have very tender sentiments .	tender	soft	delicate	romantic	sensitive	vulnerable	gentle	private	fragile	softer	intimate
rabbits often feed on young , tender perennial growth as it emerges in spring , or on young transplants .	tender	fresh	mature	delicate	sensitive	young	vigorous	vulnerable	tough	brittle	newborn
the grilled octopus was very tender .	tender	soft	delicate	delicious	firm	young	fresh	juicy	sensitive	tough	rare
cook the rice , covered , over boiling water for about 30 minutes , or until the grains are tender .	tender	mature	stout	raw	tough	pink	thin	flesh	vulnerable	robust	slaughtered
they feed at that period on the opening buds of maples , and others that are equally tender and juicy .	tender	soft	fresh	delicate	juicy	mature	sensitive	tough	thin	vulnerable	vigorous
anne bradstreet 's poetry is so tender and poignant , cotton mather 's preaching is both ornery and passionate , richard baxter 's reformed pastor is one of the classics , and jonathan edwards , is , well , jonathan edwards ( if you consider him a puritan , not everyone does. ) oh , by the way , great article about puritans here .	tender	gentle	delicate	soft	sensitive	romantic	thoughtful	vulnerable	poetic	intimate	meek
i fancy you would , perhaps , like the rule of the russians , who are very great friends of india and of mahomedans , and under whom the hindus will live in great comfort , and who will protect with the tenderest care the wealth and property which they have acquired under english rule ?	tenderest	greatest	best	utmost	deepest	most	least	same	slightest	last	loving
after breaking though into the first team at the tenderest of ages , the youngster received his full international call up shortly afterwards .	tenderest	youngest	age	oldest	simplest	earliest	slightest	smallest	heaviest	latest	hardest
yes , this had happened : the pirates to windward and the pirates to leeward of the agra had found out , at one and the same moment , that the merchant captain they had lashed , and bullied , and tortured was a patient but tremendous man .	tremendous	desperate	dangerous	incapable	ruthless	vicious	weak	fearful	frightened	stubborn	determined
these occurrences are never reported to the general public because they would cause a tremendous backlash against the present system .	tremendous	significant	great	considerable	huge	massive	major	large	vast	substantial	gigantic
`` it does not foster the tremendous sense of accomplishment that a child receives when another person can read his writing , `` she said .	tremendous	immense	enormous	incredible	profound	great	considerable	vast	substantial	expansive	newfound
-- posted by jess on august 12 , 2003 12:23 pm i think this idea has tremendous promise .	tremendous	great	immense	considerable	incredible	enormous	wonderful	much	huge	vast	massive
over the last several decades , both the town and county have seen tremendous growth .	tremendous	considerable	significant	substantial	immense	massive	enormous	vast	impressive	the	marvelous
organizational re-design we have seen the need in our transformation efforts to re-design some of our military organizations to harness the tremendous power of new technologies and exploit the synergy of joint forces .	tremendous	immense	enormous	considerable	vast	incredible	rising	unprecedented	staggering	marvelous	supernatural
listen to the kangaroo , to her low moans and sighs , she 's just so upset about her tremendous thighs .	tremendous	sore	big	throbbing	damaged	aching	thick	useless	tender	bulging	injured
the tremendous mobilization of resources made the allied victory possible .	tremendous	enormous	huge	vast	immense	massive	significant	considerable	unprecedented	gigantic	monumental
at the september groundbreaking for the new academic building at george mason university , larry czarda , vice president for operations , prince william campus said : the surge of economic development in the manassas/prince william county area offers tremendous opportunities for growth and programming at the prince william campus as well as the potential for forging academic and research partnerships with our corporate neighbors .	tremendous	great	immense	incredible	enormous	huge	vast	wonderful	considerable	massive	vital
there 's a tremendous amount of information on the kitimat pipeline .	tremendous	considerable	great	huge	vast	significant	immense	substantial	marvelous	formidable	staggering
a first negative social effect of retrenchment programmes is the redistribution of incentives given for voluntary retirement ; these tend to attract the most skilled employees who have the best chances for advancement in the private sector but who are vital to the successful implementation of the reform .	vital	essential	critical	crucial	important	fundamental	key	central	pivotal	valuable	sacrificed
4. ) bone is being reabsorbed from the skeleton in order to keep the vital blood level of calcium normal .	vital	critical	human	essential	normal	basic	total	blood	crucial	arterial	fundamental
it says that it has been inundated by correspondence from clubs that risk losing vital income that helps to keep their organisations alive .	vital	the	that	their	crucial	valuable	an	any	its	all	critical
( see resources. ) consulting them is a vital piece of the selection process as you 'll get a good idea of what 's appropriate or historic for your area .	vital	crucial	key	valuable	critical	important	fundamental	essential	useful	major	pivotal
information technology keeping out the wrong people tightened visa rules are slowing the vital flow of professionals into the u.s. like a forlorn estragon from samuel beckett 's waiting for godot , zubair malik has been waiting .	vital	important	crucial	steady	precious	tremendous	volatile	life	dramatic	vibrant	fledgling
if anything , the mission understates its own vital role in order to keep the focus on local churches and their missionaries , but those of us who are served so well by gfa can testify that we would not be anywhere near as effective without these skilled , dedicated yoke-fellows in the lord 's work .	vital	important	crucial	essential	critical	significant	valuable	major	key	leadership	dynamic
replacing mideast oil is vital , but not by substituting equally or more vulnerable domestic sources .	vital	crucial	critical	important	necessary	possible	essential	useful	valuable	profitable	revolutionary
protest is vital , but small , incessant protests are impotent . *** what do you do when the message wo n't get through ?	vital	important	necessary	essential	crucial	good	useful	valuable	needed	dear	useless
hearing aid wearers were provided access to the telephone system because congress recognized the vital nature of the phone system and the importance of everyone , including people with hearing loss , being able to access it .	vital	critical	essential	important	crucial	valuable	fundamental	basic	useful	dynamic	practical
`` troops continue to work to provide vital infrastructure throughout iraq .	vital	critical	essential	crucial	important	basic	valuable	viable	significant	fundamental	dynamic
china , india , latin america and the rest of asia will help grow worldwide demand for electric power by 59 percent over the next two decades . '' the hydrogen economy is based on the idea that fuel cells that run on hydrogen have the potential to replace current energy systems in all forms , from vehicle propulsion to stationary power generation to mobile phone batteries .	worldwide	global	international	the	globally	nationwide	us	overall	lifetime	globe	online
this has been , at times , merely an effort to gain greater public renown for their group or cause , but more troubling have been the groups seeking to push forward al-qaida 's agenda of worldwide terror .	worldwide	global	international	nationwide	widespread	mass	regional	universal	massive	spreading	lifetime
this is where the information revolution is happening -- and our share of these voices is smaller and smaller -- so america must find way to reach and engage a wider , younger , more diverse worldwide audience .	worldwide	international	global	nationwide	today	foreign	lifetime	cosmopolitan	overall	historical	universal
that same thing could happen if we had a manhattan type project focusing on renewables , potential worldwide markets , if we are the leader , and we have every reason to be the leader because we have the biggest problem .	worldwide	international	global	major	regional	globally	nationwide	european	financial	wide	lifetime
at the time of writing , the anti-semitic policies of the soviet union are also a subject of worldwide protest .	worldwide	global	international	widespread	nationwide	wide	the	globally	considerable	significant	multinational
he suggested building an experimental hypertext ' web ' for the worldwide community of physicists who used cern and its publications .	worldwide	global	international	wide	online	large	nationwide	vast	widespread	growing	multinational
furthermore , non-residents can apply to be treated like a resident if his/her income from german sources is either at least 90 percent of his/her worldwide income or his/her non-german source income is less than dm12,000 ( 24,000 for married couples ) .	worldwide	global	total	german	own	foreign	lifetime	germany	nationwide	overall	yearly
after adding the separate partnerships of jlw ireland and jlw scotland , the combined total of our european and north american businesses represented approximately 75 % of worldwide revenue in 1998 , up from approximately 63 % in 1997 .	worldwide	global	us	international	the	total	our	overall	foreign	lifetime	globally
osis also provides its users with direct , yet protected , access to the internet and its broad range of worldwide open source information resources .	worldwide	global	online	international	nationwide	globally	internationally	multinational	wide	universally	lifetime
like maypoles , wreaths too , as she points out , figure in may day as well as summer solstice celebrations . http : //www.schooloftheseasons.com/signssummer.html [ link updated 5/20/02 ] [ added 26 may 2000 ] : this fun page collects worldwide insights from people who write to waverly and comment on how summer begins for them .	worldwide	global	international	unique	online	new	the	local	valuable	lifetime	weekly
may 13 , 2002 - dunn 's execution , scheduled for may 14th , was stayed by the fifth circuit pending resolution of the appeal .	execution	death	trial	conviction	prosecution	sentence	delivery	sentencing	appeal	indictment	imprisonment
no . 19504 regents action date : december 20 , 2001 action : application for consent order granted ; penalty agreed upon : 2 year suspension , execution of suspension stayed , probation 2 years , $ 5,000 fine .	execution	death	sentence	order	effect	termination	duration	end	suspension	implementation	issue
more broadly , it provides context for the question of what immediate executions are worth to investors .	executions	investments	actions	results	decisions	assets	returns	gains	profits	risks	impacts
especially in a legislature such as the english , in which the responsibility for the execution of the laws is and must be felt .	execution	implementation	operation	enforcement	action	application	delivery	office	order	enactment	accomplishment
found is set this way when the for loop exits ; inside the execution of the loop , found is not modified by the for statement , although it may be changed by the execution of other statements within the loop body .	execution	implementation	completion	iteration	application	termination	initiation	duration	writing	enactment	evaluation
of course , this approach requires good execution including strong encryption and authentication , and secure key management .	execution	implementation	practice	performance	infrastructure	security	design	planning	implementations	practices	software
but a new survey shows that the execution of ms. tucker and the resulting debate led some residents of the lone star state to have second thoughts about capital punishment .	execution	death	murder	assassination	arrest	office	release	implementation	hanging	prosecution	abortion
i understand that the presence of those individuals that came to the congress to testify about the years they had spent awaiting execution before having being declared innocent was particularly moving and valuable .	execution	death	trial	assassination	sentence	murder	arrest	action	office	auction	autopsy
the most poignant part of the book is when we learn of raw 's loss of his 15-year old daughter to a murderer and how he dealt with the pain and grief ( it was not , incidentally , by calling the murderer names and demanding his execution ) .	execution	death	punishment	destruction	arrest	assassination	asylum	vengeance	arrival	innocence	slaughter
although i told you after the program how pleased i was and how successful i felt everything went , what i did n't tell you after the program was this : on a scale of 1 to 10 , your execution was also a '' 10 !	execution	performance	program	implementation	application	evaluation	value	writing	programming	impact	accomplishment
happiness is a by-product of function .	function	work	life	health	activity	success	behavior	operation	job	fitness	maintenance
4 how can one generate the probability density function of an erlang distribution using stella ?	function	form	system	model	theory	curve	f	unit	point	problem	coefficient
these functions also use scheduling priority to decide which thread gets to execute when there is contention .	functions	programs	features	processes	tasks	services	algorithms	libraries	utilities	engines	operators
functions of the presidency one way of bringing focus to the presidency is to determine what the functions of the position should be .	functions	duties	activities	offices	operations	powers	tasks	roles	responsibilities	purposes	missions
the orientation of unionids in rivers as a function of the hydrological variability .	function	result	value	consequence	feature	property	variation	factor	product	number	loss
because of the obvious incapacity of these bourgeois classes to fulfill the normal economic function of a bourgeoisie , each of them faces a subversion based on the bureaucratic model , more or less adapted to local peculiarities , and eager to seize the heritage of this bourgeoisie .	function	role	task	purpose	duty	service	feature	mission	unit	concept	job
the composition , structure , function and distribution of populations and the biology of population communities ( producers , consumers , and decomposers ) , ecosystems , nutrient cycles , energy flow , bio-geographical cycles , human impact on environment will be covered .	function	form	structure	behavior	process	number	role	use	purpose	variation	formation
however , their arguments are identical in function to the creationists ' arguments : rather than provide positive evidence for their own position , they mainly try to find weaknesses in natural selection .	function	form	structure	purpose	nature	effect	process	operation	concept	task	feature
its main function is to act as a bridge between your hi-fi and computer , so that you can stream music from one to the other .	function	purpose	role	use	task	feature	form	point	duty	mission	reason
where most experiments show only `` shadows `` of the wave function in the form of measurement outcomes , konrad was able to go one step further , designing and implementing a measurement scheme that is sensitive enough to reveal the complete function .	function	model	process	system	number	result	behavior	problem	map	equation	factor
