in march 1992 , linux version 0.95 was the first to be capable of running x . this large version number jump was due to a feeling that a version 1.0 with no major missing pieces was imminent .	pieces	parts	elements	things	bits	chunks	sections	components	materials	properties	atoms
much of the water carried by these streams is diverted .	diverted	used	drawn	lost	produced	returned	collected	released	spilled	dissolved	recycled
harry also becomes the worthy possessor of the remaining deathly hallows : the invisibility cloak and the resurrection stone , hence becoming the true master of death .	possessor	owner	master	host	heir	holder	user	owners	bearer	carrier	masters
escapologists escape from handcuffs , straitjackets , cages , coffins , steel boxes , barrels , bags , burning buildings , fish-tanks and other perils , often in combination .	perils	traps	situations	sites	dangers	areas	disasters	hazards	risks	emergencies	methods
the storm continued , crossing the outer banks of north carolina , and retained its strength until june 20 when it became extratropical near newfoundland .	retained	maintained	held	kept	holding	lost	maintaining	regained	keeping	losing	regaining
the convent has been the official residence of the governor of gibraltar since 1728 .	residence	home	house	mansion	office	seat	housing	headquarters	domain	site	driveway
food is procured with its suckers and then crushed using its tough `` beak '' of chitin .	procured	taken	obtained	presented	received	picked	harvested	used	cut	planted	handled
the united states convened a 13-nation conference of the international opium commission in 1909 in shanghai , china in response to increasing criticism of the opium trade .	convened	held	hosted	organized	formed	called	summoned	created	organised	ran	staged
photosynthesis is vital for life on earth .	vital	essential	critical	important	crucial	necessary	fundamental	relevant	basic	dear	profound
dodd simply retained his athletic director position , which he had acquired in 1950 .	acquired	gained	obtained	received	purchased	inherited	earned	attained	bought	gotten	achieved
radiometric dating is a technique used to date materials , usually based on a comparison between the observed abundance of a naturally occurring radioactive isotope and its decay products , using known decay rates .	abundance	presence	amounts	quantities	concentrations	values	concentration	ratio	size	numbers	proportions
bacterial contaminants are ubiquitous , and foods left unused too long will often acquire substantial amounts of bacterial colonies and become dangerous to eat , leading to food poisoning .	substantial	large	significant	considerable	heavy	sufficient	higher	damaging	powerful	bulk	disturbing
tibooburra has an arid , desert climate with temperatures soaring above 40 celsius in summer , often reaching as high as 47 c .	arid	extreme	inland	extensive	dry	open	extremely	abrupt	acute	explosive	unlikely
hanna meandered around the southeastern bahamas , weakening to a tropical storm while also dumping heavy rain on already-devastated haiti .	meandered	moved	raced	tracked	went	ran	traveled	rushed	curved	sailed	bounced
with the high gulf pressures - a ship reported a pressure of 1015.5 millibars less than 60 m from the storm center at the time it was upgraded to a tropical storm - alicia was unable to gain size , staying very small , but generated faster winds , and became a category 1 hurricane on august 16	generated	produced	received	created	had	attracted	gained	garnered	became	made	obtained
das rheingold is the first of the four operas that comprise der ring des nibelungen , by richard wagner .	comprise	constitute	form	make	include	are	become	contain	surround	enter	share
a frenulum is a small fold of tissue that secures or restricts the motion of a mobile organ in the body .	secures	holds	captures	controls	blocks	anchors	guarantees	restrict	ensures	surrounds	escorts
helen hunt has been recognized extensively in her career . in 1998 she become the second actress to win a golden globe award , an academy award and an emmy award in the same year .	career	life	history	profession	role	work	lifetime	biography	position	success	debut
when wotan refuses to abandon his `` free hero '' , fricka lays bare his self-deception : siegmund is in no sense independent since his fate has been pre-ordained by wotan , who has even indirectly led him to find the magic sword .	refuses	decides	fails	tries	attempts	chooses	threatens	unwilling	declines	accepts	offers
the storm never approached land during its lifespan , and no damage or casualties were reported .	casualties	deaths	losses	injuries	fatalities	effects	symptoms	impacts	developments	survivors	abnormalities
the purpose of public speaking can range from simply transmitting information , to motivating people to act , to simply telling a story .	transmitting	receiving	sending	communicating	giving	delivering	broadcasting	passing	distributing	releasing	filtering
published by tor books , it was released on august 15 , 1994 in hardcover , and in paperback on july 15 , 1997 .	released	published	launched	issued	made	sold	distributed	found	printed	introduced	born
in many circumstances , these investments can be less expensive than fossil fuel energy systems .	circumstances	cases	situations	conditions	contexts	times	ways	occasions	respects	environments	surroundings
following the death of schidlof from a heart attack in 1987 , the amadeus quartet disbanded .	disbanded	formed	reunited	reformed	joined	collapsed	ceased	faltered	departed	split	declined
by 1960 he had developed the short story into a screenplay , and envisaged it as containing a suitable role for monroe .	envisaged	described	saw	imagined	proposed	seen	recognized	wrote	viewed	conceived	indicated
with poor sales of the a340-200 , airbus decided to use the fuselage of the a340-200 with the wings and engines of the a330-300 .	fuselage	body	chassis	layout	structure	cockpit	platform	skin	form	silhouette	dashboard
the last event was held on june 11 , 2000 , not to be held again due to the acquisition of wcw by world wrestling federation .	acquisition	purchase	takeover	sale	absorption	merger	annexation	addition	ownership	consolidation	interception
kowal suggested the name and the iau endorsed it in 1975 .	endorsed	adopted	accepted	approved	supported	recognized	signed	embraced	ratified	rejected	praised
dry air wrapping around the southern periphery of the cyclone eroded most of the deep convection by early on september 12 .	periphery	edge	edges	outskirts	flanks	fringe	apex	corner	rim	boundaries	margin
brief additional internal links are generally tolerated when used to facilitate communication or to provide general information , but undesirable if seen as canvassing for some purpose .	tolerated	welcome	acceptable	recognized	permitted	appreciated	trusted	welcomed	sufficient	valued	legitimate
alfonso drops the marriage contract in front of the officers , and , when they read it , they become enraged .	enraged	angry	unhappy	furious	frustrated	violent	alarmed	outraged	devastated	hysterical	murderous
the overland expedition , also called the overland relief expedition or point barrow-overland relief expedition , was an expedition in the winter of 1897-1898 by officers of the united states revenue cutter service to save the lives of 265 whalers trapped in the arctic ocean by ice around their ships near point barrow , alaska .	expedition	mission	operation	project	effort	event	excursion	enterprise	invasion	disaster	entry
located on the river pedieos and situated almost in the center of the island , it is the seat of government as well as the main business center .	situated	located	found	placed	perched	positioned	nestled	hence	formed	built	nowadays
iero thought that it would be difficult to promote the album himself , if released through his own label , with his current obligations to my chemical romance and the other bands signed to his label .	obligations	commitments	ties	responsibilities	rights	duties	debts	promises	commitment	bonds	payments
it has now been determined that europa is a prograde rotator , but the exact direction in which its pole points remains ambiguous .	ambiguous	uncertain	unclear	vague	unknown	disputed	obscure	unsure	cryptic	dubious	fuzzy
the bishops ceded the oversticht to the emperor charles v in 1528 , who styled himself `` lord of overijssel '' , thereby giving the province its modern name .	ceded	gave	surrendered	relinquished	transferred	sold	conceded	conveyed	yielded	pledged	donated
many parts of odessa were damaged during its siege and recapture on 10 april 1944 , when the city was finally liberated by the red army .	siege	attack	capture	assault	bombardment	conquest	defense	blockade	garrison	surrender	struggle
the city was first founded by the british in 1827 , who leased the island from spain during the colonial period .	leased	purchased	secured	got	rented	received	gained	occupied	obtained	ran	licensed
in reference to the landscape , bush describes a wooded area , intermediate between a shrubland and a forest , generally of dry and nitrogen-poor soil , mostly grassless , thin to thick woody shrubs and bushes , under a sparse canapy of eucalypts .	sparse	scattered	dense	thin	loose	lone	scarce	few	shy	faint	shaggy
the theory of incentive compatibility that hurwicz developed changed the way many economists thought about outcomes , explaining why centrally planned economies may fail and how incentives for individuals make a difference in decision making .	incentives	opportunities	rewards	strategies	resources	efforts	subsidies	bonuses	contributions	advantages	interventions
the axe , or ax , is an implement that has been used for millennia to shape , split and cut wood , harvest timber , as a weapon and a ceremonial or heraldic symbol . the axe has many forms and specialized uses but generally consists of an axe head with a handle , or helve .	implement	instrument	object	axe	equipment	element	expression	ax	installation	item	artifact
but critics note that francis galton did not advocate coercion when he defined the principles of eugenics .	advocate	support	consider	emphasize	promote	favor	embrace	approach	mention	oppose	recommend
after its sale in 1998 , it merged into festival mushroom records .	merged	incorporated	combined	formed	integrated	joined	dissolved	turned	absorbed	entered	blended
cobra and tango and cash did solid business domestically but overseas they did blockbuster business grossing over $ 100 million in foreign markets and over $ 160 million worldwide .	grossing	earning	raising	for	producing	making	totaling	generating	securing	getting	worth
triangles can also be classified according to their internal angles , measured here in degrees .	classified	categorized	grouped	defined	graded	sorted	ranked	differentiated	separated	diagnosed	segregated
later describing the experience as a `` nightmare , '' she was able to phone joe dimaggio from the clinic , who immediately traveled from florida to new york to facilitate her transfer to the columbia presbyterian medical center , where she remained for three weeks .	facilitate	allow	promote	assure	assist	ensure	manage	achieve	coordinate	accommodate	receive
the pennines constitute the main watershed in northern england , dividing the eastern and western parts of the country .	constitute	form	are	comprise	represent	become	provide	remain	compose	possess	include
they locate food by smell , using sensors in the tip of their snout , and regularly feast on ants and termites .	snout	nose	noses	nostrils	beak	heads	muzzle	nosed	lance	abdomen	skulls
at present it is formed by the aa , which descends from the rigi and enters the southern extremity of the lake .	extremity	end	part	arm	basin	side	area	branch	reaches	bay	tip
specialized english operates in the civil society sector , and the developers aspire to make programs for a variety of public service purposes , subject to resources being available .	aspire	want	tend	strive	aim	seem	try	seek	as	endeavor	struggle
in this case , a relatively large kernel with sophisticated capabilities is adapted to suit an embedded environment .	sophisticated	modern	complex	specific	processing	profound	diversified	integrated	specialised	penetrating	concrete
this period spanned the years from 1278 through 1288 .	spanned	covered	included	covers	encompasses	traversed	comprised	stretched	encompassed	contained	embraced
realising that the gang could not elude the police forever , moondyne joe formulated a plan to escape the colony by traveling overland to the colony of south australia .	elude	escape	evade	avoid	leave	resist	flee	join	dodge	become	bypass
southeastern oklahoma , also known by its official tourism designation , kiamichi country , encompasses the southeastern quarter of the state of oklahoma .	encompasses	includes	incorporates	is	comprises	contains	covers	spans	exceeds	captures	borders
the a-train family comprises trains for both commuter services and limited express services .	comprises	includes	contains	consists	provides	include	of	constitutes	is	forms	encompasses
in dna , adenine binds to thymine via two hydrogen bonds to assist in stabilizing the nucleic acid structures .	binds	connects	links	belongs	joins	ties	bonds	is	corresponds	reacts	tends
in 2001 , unesco inscribed the 2,750-year-old city on the world heritage list as samarkand - crossroads of cultures .	inscribed	included	placed	listed	added	recognized	include	entered	includes	incorporated	nominated
radames affirms that aida is the person he will marry , and aida convinces him to flee to the desert with her .	affirms	says	states	believes	confirms	promises	announces	vows	asserts	declares	guarantees
like many bolshevik artists , eisenstein envisioned a new society which would subsidize artists totally , freeing them from the confines of bosses and budgets , leaving them absolutely free to create , but budgets and producers were as significant to the soviet film industry as the rest of the world .	envisioned	imagined	dreamed	proposed	anticipated	conceived	advocated	depicted	expected	pictured	projected
forming in the western caribbean sea during the first week of november , hurricane gordon became the twelfth tropical depression , the seventh named tropical storm , and the third hurricane of the 1994 atlantic hurricane season . an erratic , long-lived system which remained a tropical storm for most of its existence , it followed a winding path through the western caribbean and into florida before strengthening into a category 1 hurricane and threatening north carolina .	erratic	unstable	explosive	intense	unusual	unpredictable	eccentric	intensive	angular	inland	elusive
the latter means basic or radical change ; whereas reform may be no more than fine tuning , or at most redressing serious wrongs without altering the fundamentals of the system .	altering	changing	damaging	affecting	improving	disturbing	violating	modifying	influencing	hurting	abandoning
the kyoto protocol was adopted at the third session of the conference of parties to the unfccc in 1997 in kyoto , japan .	adopted	introduced	enacted	implemented	signed	ratified	passed	approved	accepted	created	drafted
from 1885 to 1901 , locomotives stopped at young tank to replenish their water .	replenish	take	get	give	release	provide	conserve	store	pump	supply	receive
stone floor tiles tend to be heavier than ceramic tiles and somewhat more prone to breakage during shipment .	prone	susceptible	vulnerable	likely	frequent	exposed	sensitive	dangerous	liable	tolerant	common
to enjoy qin songs , one must learn to become accustomed to the eccentric style some players may sing their songs to , like in the case of zha fuxi .	eccentric	unusual	artistic	bizarre	unconventional	extreme	erratic	informal	outrageous	authoritative	outsider
a voluntary association or union is a group of individuals who voluntarily enter into an agreement to form a body to accomplish a purpose .	accomplish	do	achieve	serve	pursue	complete	reach	obtain	realize	assure	convey
it is the teaching that , as a consequence of the fall of man , every person born into the world is enslaved to the service of sin and , apart from the efficacious or prevenient grace of god , is utterly unable to choose to follow god or choose to accept salvation as it is freely offered .	efficacious	exclusive	benevolent	satisfactory	universal	irresistible	miraculous	ultimate	inclusive	literal	generous
he was kidnapped and held by the notorious pirate peter easton in harbour grace .	notorious	famous	infamous	famed	fictional	alleged	teenage	professional	reputed	outspoken	aka
as a result of this acquisition and the legal dispute with hearst corporation , mandrakesoft announced that the new company name would be mandriva , and that mandriva linux would be the new name covering products .	dispute	conflict	battle	relationship	feud	fight	confrontation	struggle	debate	rivalry	breach
despite almost daily reports of missing property , he was able to evade capture until 15 february , when a man named wimbow , who had been pursuing him with a partner for days , found him in an area of thick brush called liberty plains and shot him .	evade	avoid	escape	resist	dodge	flee	avoided	deny	pursue	avoiding	avoids
he was born at plessiel , a hamlet of drucat near abbeville , to a long-established family of picardy , the great-nephew of the painter eustache le sueur .	hamlet	village	part	town	commune	borough	municipality	community	parish	farmhouse	tributary
the man in the high castle occurs in an alternate universe united states ruled by the victorious axis powers .	alternate	actual	official	intermediate	occult	unofficial	exclusive	unlikely	anarchist	electoral	extreme
their quick acceleration makes them suitable for services with short intervals between stations .	suitable	good	sufficient	useful	appropriate	convenient	adequate	ready	comfortable	fit	fitting
aung san suu kyi returned to burma in 1988 to take care of her ailing mother .	ailing	sick	ill	dying	aging	aged	failing	poor	declining	hospitalized	frail
progress in developing the tar was hindered by political and economic obstacles throughout the 1960s , 1970s and early 1980s .	obstacles	problems	difficulties	barriers	opposition	restrictions	challenges	disasters	efforts	hurdles	difficulty
in 1832 his family emigrated thence to belleville , ontario , where he apprenticed with the printer at the town newspaper , the belleville intelligencer .	emigrated	migrated	moved	came	immigrated	went	traveled	arrived	escaped	exported	sailed
ohio state also announced in 2006 , that it would be designating at least $ 110 million of its research efforts to what it termed `` fundamental concerns '' such as research towards a cure for cancer , renewable energy sources and sustainable drinking water supplies .	fundamental	basic	critical	vital	profound	essential	constitutional	foundation	breakthrough	grassroots	foundations
long ago , there was a decision by the late former prime minister , rafik hariri , to restore the synagogue and surround it with a garden .	restore	strengthen	revive	transform	rebuild	regain	repair	improve	integrate	return	renew
port arthur was also the destination for juvenile convicts , receiving many boys , some as young as nine arrested for stealing toys .	juvenile	young	teenage	youth	youthful	adolescent	junior	runaway	teen	local	rookie
notrium is played from a top-down perspective , giving an overhead view of proceedings .	perspective	view	viewpoint	position	angle	point	vantage	projection	stance	level	entry
the international re-formed in 1923 , and was reconstituted again , in its present form , after world war ii .	reconstituted	dissolved	restored	formed	incorporated	reorganized	disbanded	reinstated	organized	reformed	reunited
the amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .	tributaries	branches	streams	sources	watershed	systems	headwaters	basins	confluence	affluent	forks
the sunnah is seen as crucial to guiding interpretation of the qur ` an .	crucial	essential	important	vital	critical	key	central	fundamental	pivotal	relevant	helpful
the avesta is the primary collection of sacred texts of zoroastrianism , composed in the avestan language .	composed	written	produced	created	made	formed	constructed	performed	primarily	founded	drafted
typically , the biggest difference between film and stage musicals is the use of lavish background scenery which would be impractical in a theater .	lavish	heavy	dramatic	expensive	rich	elaborate	extravagant	ornate	costly	lush	magical
following the hassles ' demise in 1969 , he formed the duo attila with hassles drummer jon small .	demise	death	departure	collapse	defeat	dissolution	disappearance	resignation	liquidation	breakup	dissolve
there they signed a collective protest , and vowed their newspapers would continue to run .	vowed	said	promised	hoped	swore	pledged	proclaimed	declared	announced	prayed	sworn
the first amniotes , such as casineria , resembled small lizards and evolved from amphibian reptiliomorphs about 340 million years ago .	resembled	were	like	are	became	called	featured	depicted	recalled	formed	comprised
in 1999 , a world tamil confederation was established to protect and foster tamil culture and further a sense of togetherness amongst tamils in different countries .	foster	promote	strengthen	develop	facilitate	create	support	restore	enhance	integrate	emphasize
for much of the twentieth century it was used by the queensland government as a settlement for aboriginals considered guilty of such infractions as being `` disruptive '' , being pregnant to a white man or being born with `` mixed blood '' .	infractions	crimes	violations	offenses	charges	offences	things	issues	abuses	conduct	practices
historically , in the warm mediterranean and middle eastern climates , the courtyard served to accommodate the large number of worshippers during friday prayers .	accommodate	serve	support	facilitate	handle	allow	house	provide	carry	contain	ensure
john mccain polled 62.5 % in the 2008 presidential election while 70.9 % of utahns opted for george w. bush in 2004 .	opted	decided	voted	elected	vote	were	chose	picked	voting	settled	nominated
throughout most of the film , his only true friend , aside from his mother , is the mouse , timothy - a relationship parodying the stereotypical animosity between mice and elephants .	animosity	relationship	rivalry	violence	romance	friendship	hostility	relationships	feud	love	aggression
the band is known for its large line-up , which consists of nine members ; including a vocalist , two guitarists , a bassist , two percussionists in addition to a primary drummer , a sampler , and a turntablist .	vocalist	singer	drummer	bassist	frontman	novelist	narrator	rapper	psychologist	christian	constable
digital signatures are equivalent to traditional handwritten signatures in many respects ; properly implemented digital signatures are more difficult to forge than the handwritten type .	forge	make	produce	mark	create	achieve	sign	improve	replicate	guarantee	mosaic
his linguistic capacity , thoughts and speeches correspond to those of modern man , including a vast knowledge about history , politics , philosophy and literature .	vast	large	wide	considerable	tremendous	gigantic	massive	widespread	profound	startling	rapid
recent archaeological evidence may indicate an edomite nation as long ago as the 11th century bc , but the topic is controversial and others argue that the 8th or 9th century dates are correct .	evidence	material	findings	data	information	testimony	discoveries	materials	activity	finds	sites
triton was revealed to have remarkable active geysers and polar caps .	remarkable	extraordinary	notable	great	amazing	considerable	startling	impressive	exceptional	miraculous	amazingly
polar bear fur consists of a layer of dense underfur and an outer layer of guard hairs , which appear white to tan but are actually transparent .	transparent	clear	opaque	yellow	visible	invisible	thick	milky	clearer	yellowish	dispersed
the most common reason for erecting a khachkar was for votive reasons - for the salvation of the soul of either a living or a deceased person .	deceased	dead	departed	dying	died	cremated	living	fallen	interred	committed	childless
scene 2 : the doctor rushes by the captain in the street , who urges him to slow down .	urges	encourages	asks	tells	forces	advises	convinces	suggests	warns	pushes	commands
warner also set a super bowl record by attempting 45 passes without a single interception .	attempting	trying	making	allowing	failing	completing	landing	seeking	undertaking	initiating	approaching
a carotenoid dye , crocin , allows saffron to impart a rich golden-yellow hue to dishes and textiles . saffron has further medicinal applications .	golden-yellow	yellow	red	yellowish	reddish	brownish	crimson	scarlet	metallic	amber	chemical
the revival of lute in the 20th century revitalized the interest of composers in the instruments of the lute family .	revival	resurgence	rise	emergence	use	return	rebirth	recovery	restoration	renaissance	comeback
urepel is a commune in the pyrnes - atlantiques department in south-western france .	south-western	western	eastern	northwestern	northern	northwest	central	northeastern	west	east	northeast
ge_lson de carvalho soares or simply ge_lson , is a striker .	striker	player	midfielder	goalkeeper	footballer	goalscorer	guitarist	forward	drummer	runner	scorer
lancelot de carles called her `` beautiful with an elegant figure '' , and a venetian in paris in 1528 also reported that she was said to be beautiful .	reported	noted	recorded	wrote	said	confirmed	stated	described	claimed	commented	remarked
in 2005 , benson collaborated with artist jamie mckelvie on a short story within the image comics collection four letter worlds .	collaborated	worked	teamed	partnered	joined	appeared	reunited	embarked	merged	debuted	coincided
beaurieux is a commune in the department of aisne in picardy in northern france .	department	district	region	county	area	division	province	valley	arrondissement	direction	commune
he is notable as a performer of australian traditional folk songs in an authentic style .	performer	singer	vocalist	musician	guitarist	player	pianist	practitioner	dancer	saxophonist	soloist
fired by enthusiasm , tolstoy returned to yasnaya polyana and founded thirteen schools for his serfs ' children , based on ground-breaking libertarian principles tolstoy described in his 1862 essay `` the school at yasnaya polyana '' .	enthusiasm	excitement	efforts	optimism	passion	encouragement	activity	appetite	hostility	popularity	devastation
companies may also take out strike insurance prior to an anticipated strike , to help offset the losses which the strike would cause .	companies	they	corporations	firms	businesses	cities	manufacturers	schools	carriers	these	retailers
in 2006 , nippon ichi released a sequel called for the playstation 2 , as well as a 12 episode long anime titled makai senki disgaea .	titled	called	entitled	,	named	dubbed	featuring	.	nicknamed	labeled	depicting
the false gharial , also known as the malayan gharial , false gavial , or tomistoma is a fresh-water reptile resembling a crocodile with a very thin and elongated snout , which is thicker than the gharial .	elongated	long	blunt	short	narrow	wide	triangular	pointed	slender	flattened	tubular
he held several senior positions in the royal flying corps during world war i , serving as the commander of royal flying corps in france from 1915 to 1917 .	senior	junior	high	prominent	higher	prestigious	leadership	subordinate	commanding	authoritative	powerful
fernando navarro i corbacho is a spanish footballer who currently plays for sevilla fc , as a left defender .	defender	player	back	winger	midfielder	footballer	goalkeeper	democrat	cornerback	hitter	linebacker
throughout recorded history , several cosmologies and cosmogonies have been proposed to account for observations of the universe .	observations	findings	views	studies	theories	discoveries	beliefs	appearances	insights	investigations	outcomes
saint-montan is a commune in the ardche department in south-eastern france .	department	district	region	division	area	county	commune	valley	section	arrondissement	prefecture
the term is also at times used as a derogatory term for films or sequels of films that are of inferior quality , or are not expected to find financial success .	derogatory	mocking	general	rough	racist	generic	crude	slang	respectful	vulgar	teasing
the hush sound is currently on hiatus .	hiatus	break	pause	hold	vacation	strike	sale	decline	retirement	exile	suspension
mainstream music denotes music that is familiar and unthreatening to the masses , as for example popular music , pop music , middle of the road music , pop rap or soft rock ; mainstream jazz is generally seen as an evolution of be-bop , which was originally regarded as radical .	denotes	means	is	implies	describes	comprises	indicates	signifies	contains	includes	brings
edwards attended west buckland school where his potential for the triple jump was spotted at an early age .	potential	talent	capacity	ability	future	gift	promise	prospect	preparation	readiness	flair
inheriting a collapsing empire and faced with constant warfare during his reign against both the seljuk turks in asia minor and the normans in the western balkans , alexios was able to halt the byzantine decline and begin the military , financial , and territorial recovery known as the `` komnenian restoration '' .	reign	rule	tenure	kingdom	time	throne	coronation	dynasty	court	realm	campaign
in the census of 2005 , the population of the banja luka region was at 709,000 residents , predominantly serb .	residents	people	inhabitants	members	students	individuals	municipalities	persons	citizens	settlers	adults
monte plata is a province of the dominican republic , and also the name of its capital city . it was split from san crist_bal in 1992 .	province	city	municipality	district	county	state	region	town	country	department	commune
it is sent as an http header by a web server to a web browser and then sent back unchanged by the browser each time it accesses that server .	accesses	uses	visits	serves	attacks	enters	reaches	finds	hits	views	meets
in contrast , the 2007 microp_dia has roughly 65,000 articles , the vast majority of which contain fewer than 750 words , no references , and no named contributors .	fewer	more	less	better	greater	smaller	closer	lesser	weaker	farther	\
by 1961 , gordy had appointed robinson vice-president of motown records , a title robinson held for as long as gordy remained with the company .	remained	was	stayed	were	left	became	persisted	continued	returned	served	departed
from 1908 to 1911 he was the principal conductor of the vienna hofoper succeeding gustav mahler ; he retained the conductorship of the vienna philharmonic until 1927 .	retained	held	gained	kept	maintained	received	lost	remained	continued	holds	upheld
mexican cinnamon hot chocolate is traditionally served alongside a variety of mexican pastries known as pan dulce and , as in spain , churros .	traditionally	commonly	typically	often	generally	also	historically	usually	widely	frequently	consequently
slaves were previously introduced by the british and french who colonized the island in the 18th century .	introduced	brought	released	added	established	acquired	imported	sold	reintroduced	obtained	injected
cholera , sometimes known as asiatic or epidemic cholera , is an infectious gastroenteritis caused by enterotoxin-producing strains of the bacterium vibrio cholerae .	strains	forms	types	members	cultures	species	states	varieties	organisms	bacteria	spores
a hurricane struck dominica and puerto rico between july 22 and july 24 .	struck	hit	reached	formed	touched	impacted	devastated	grazed	threatened	affected	brushed
in 1975 the old district steinfurt was merged with the district tecklenburg , and together with greven and saerbeck from the former district m_nster the current district was formed .	formed	created	made	founded	established	born	constituted	started	joined	added	recreated
it was discovered by a team of astronomers led by brett j. gladman , et al . in 2003 .	discovered	found	created	founded	formed	made	revealed	published	reported	detected	confirmed
cyanobacteria , also known as blue-green algae , blue-green bacteria or cyanophyta , is a phylum of bacteria that obtain their energy through photosynthesis .	obtain	get	gain	find	access	take	acquire	achieve	form	attain	reach
she finally divorced monroe in 1947 and also split with guy .	split	reunited	joined	broke	merged	parted	signed	divorced	married	rejoined	disbanded
criss is a commune in the sarthe department in the pays de la loire region in north-western france .	region	area	district	department	province	division	in	part	commune	found	section
dan pulled in ruth marie as a fifth person in his alliance , but after losing another immunity challenge , sally convinced the la mina men that she was a more valuable player .	convinced	told	showed	persuaded	assured	taught	got	suggested	reassured	fooled	proved
greater armenia is an armenian irredentist political goal aimed at uniting with armenia most of the armenian highland , the historical homeland of the armenians since antiquity up until the armenian genocide when they were massacred and forcefully expelled by the ottoman turkish government .	forcefully	subsequently	brutally	later	officially	violently	internally	eventually	overwhelmingly	pushed	widely
lightcurve data for europa has been particularly tricky to interpret , so much so for a long time its period of rotation was in dispute despite numerous observations .	tricky	difficult	easy	hard	complicated	tough	challenging	simple	problematic	straightforward	colourful
it is typically used for scraping or cutting food before the food enters the esophagus .	scraping	hammering	peeling	blending	smoothing	sampling	sorting	tasting	churning	scaling	coating
city of faizabad is the headquarters of faizabad district and a municipal board in the state of uttar pradesh , india , situated on the banks of river ghaghra .	headquarters	center	capital	city	seat	chief	offices	cities	municipality	borders	municipalities
the name kalganup is believed to be the noongar word for ` place of many waters ' .	believed	thought	said	understood	reported	known	supposed	purported	feared	assumed	presumed
romano fogli is an italian retired footballer and former manager .	retired	former	professional	born	active	veteran	international	career	deceased	ex	roma
it overwinters in conifer groves .	conifer	pine	large	forest	the	cypress	hardwood	dense	laurel	oak	coffee
in mid-june 2006 , the slab was crumbling in frequent rockfalls , although it was still being extruded .	extruded	formed	cut	reinforced	constructed	made	produced	used	pounded	created	supported
the billionaire of dismal downs is a scrooge mcduck comic by don rosa . it is the ninth of the original 12 chapters in the series the life and times of scrooge mcduck .	series	book	story	novel	books	title	collection	volume	manga	comic	magazine
hms guardian set out before the convict ships but struck ice after leaving the cape of good hope , returned to southern africa and was wrecked on the coast .	returned	went	sailed	back	traveled	continued	reported	reverted	home	rushed	headed
the concept of a `` picture element '' dates to the earliest days of television , for example as `` bildpunkt '' in the 1888 german patent of paul nipkow .	concept	idea	notion	existence	definition	use	presence	term	theory	character	usage
on 1 october 1983 the pilot project began operations as a full-fledged bank and was renamed the grameen bank to make loans to poor bangladeshis .	full-fledged	national	commercial	large	local	proper	regular	mainstream	public	chartered	functioning
a lesson is a structured period of time where learning is intended to occur .	structured	specific	fixed	defined	regulated	constructed	planned	systematic	documented	contracted	prescribed
it has been suggested that eastern pacific ocean tropical cyclones are formed out of tropical waves that originate in north africa as well .	originate	form	begin	rise	arise	lie	develop	cross	create	center	trail
riel sought to preserve mtis rights and culture as their homelands in the northwest came progressively under the canadian sphere of influence .	sought	tried	seeks	attempted	fought	seeking	hoped	attempts	desired	pursued	struggled
they are characterized by spirituality and metaphysical themes , extremely long takes , lack of conventional dramatic structure and plot , and memorable cinematography .	cinematography	photography	performances	visuals	imagery	lighting	film	shots	illustrations	actresses	demographics
seismograms are essential for measuring earthquakes using the richter scale .	essential	important	fundamental	necessary	critical	vital	used	crucial	helpful	integral	exemplary
but , from time to time the church hierarchy , and even some popes , have given opinions on various matters ; although these `` guidelines '' are not binding on catholics , many tradition-minded catholics find them persuasive .	persuasive	effective	helpful	useful	comforting	reassuring	practical	binding	convenient	convincing	welcoming
a haunted house is defined as a house that is believed to be a center for supernatural occurrences or paranormal phenomena .	occurrences	activities	phenomena	incidents	experiences	properties	encounters	appearances	instances	practices	performances
glaciologically , ice age implies the presence of extensive ice sheets in the northern and southern hemispheres ; by this definition we are still in the ice age that began at the start of the pleistocene .	definition	meaning	interpretation	theory	,	measure	criteria	criterion	conception	respect	admission
from scarborough monday to saturdays there is generally an hourly first transpennine express service to york , leeds , manchester piccadilly and liverpool lime street and a two-hourly northern rail service to bridlington , hull and sheffield via the yorkshire coast line .	generally	usually	normally	typically	also	always	often	only	commonly	frequently	predominantly
the county is divided into three areas of unorganized territory : dupree , north ziebach , and south ziebach .	divided	split	separated	subdivided	broken	formed	organized	segregated	fragmented	placed	fractured
the pittsburgh steelers are a professional american football team based in pittsburgh , pennsylvania .	based	located	formed	playing	headquartered	found	founded	played	operating	created	named
during the final immunity challenge , sandra fell out early , allowing jon to try to convince lil to take him to the final two .	final	last	second	initial	fifth	total	ultimate	semifinal	decisive	current	terminal
avian influenza virus h3n2 is endemic in pigs in china and has been detected in pigs in vietnam , increasing fears of the emergence of new variant strains .	detected	found	discovered	seen	confirmed	caught	recorded	diagnosed	spotted	increased	demonstrated
and though often viewed as a youthful expression of rebellion by the mainstream media , modern punk embodies a range of age groups who generally disagree with the perceived of countercultural principals and it is not uncommon for middle-aged people to form punk houses and resistance movements in the face of what they view as the widespread , unfair exploitation of human and animal rights .	exploitation	abuse	oppression	repression	plight	manipulation	mining	confrontation	outrage	vulnerability	stimulation
grolangheim is a municipality in the district of kitzingen in bavaria in germany .	municipality	town	city	village	community	district	commune	county	borough	hamlet	parish
he received many awards , among them a posthumous special citation from the pulitzer prize board in 2007 for his `` masterful improvisation , supreme musicianship and iconic centrality to the history of jazz . ''	received	won	accepted	obtained	garnered	earned	got	gave	collected	gained	achieved
when a fair weather waterspout makes landfall it quickly dissipates as it loses the inflow of warm air into the vortex .	dissipates	fades	sinks	falls	collapses	grows	forms	ends	returns	fade	weaken
its purpose is to promote free trade and the fluid movement of goods , people , and currency .	fluid	free	rapid	easy	open	democratic	dynamic	continuous	restricted	freely	timely
most of the state lies in an area known as tornado alley characterized by frequent interaction between cold and warm air masses producing severe weather .	interaction	encounters	mixing	confrontation	changes	exchanges	collision	contact	association	collisions	combinations
the reservoir has a volume of 4.26 mio m and a surface area of 0.25 km .	reservoir	water	lake	basin	dam	pond	tank	pool	source	crater	catchment
after receiving the news of the important award , yunus announced that he would use part of his share of the $ 1.4 million award money to create a company to make low-cost , high-nutrition food for the poor ; while the rest would go toward setting up an eye hospital for the poor in bangladesh .	announced	said	stated	promised	declared	revealed	indicated	explained	confirmed	wrote	commented
phillip was appointed governor of new south wales , the first european colony on the australian continent , and was the founder of the site which is now the city of sydney .	appointed	made	named	elected	the	created	also	acting	commissioned	constituted	installed
toshiba was founded by the merging of two companies in 1939 .	merging	joining	combining	amalgamation	fusion	consolidation	union	blending	signing	confluence	convergence
after crossing florida , hurricane hunters indicated a poorly defined circulation , but with winds exceeding tropical storm strength , and the system was designated as tropical storm erika late on august 14 while located 85 miles west of fort myers .	indicated	noted	found	reported	showed	suggested	confirmed	recorded	revealed	identified	detected
eucalyptus forests in california have been criticised because they compete with native plants and do not support native animals .	criticised	praised	attacked	blamed	challenged	noted	condemned	questioned	denounced	banned	rated
after the demise of the whl , however , the stanley cup was awarded exclusively to the nhl playoff champion , and the wales trophy was given to the regular season champion .	exclusively	solely	primarily	only	directly	entirely	specifically	mainly	strictly	predominantly	universally
it was discovered and opened about the same time as crystal cave , but was closed by the owners in the 1940s .	discovered	found	created	founded	rediscovered	formed	explored	located	known	revealed	uncovered
italy purchased the city in 1905 and made mogadishu the capital of italian somaliland .	purchased	acquired	bought	received	sold	obtained	gained	seized	leased	inherited	patented
sir terence david john pratchett , obe , more commonly known as terry pratchett , is an english novelist , known for his frequently comical work in the fantasy genre .	novelist	writer	author	poet	cartoonist	journalist	narrator	fiction	biologist	psychologist	footballer
students are obligated to attend the central high school .	obligated	required	supposed	allowed	forced	expected	encouraged	going	permitted	bound	committed
the technique consists of precoding the data so as to cancel the effect of the interference .	technique	method	mechanism	procedure	practice	theory	strategy	tactic	discipline	phenomenon	template
in 1989 , these diversified interests started growing into separate organizations , as the fisheries project became grameen motsho and the irrigation project became grameen krishi .	organizations	companies	institutions	agencies	groups	associations	efforts	ngos	networks	offices	unions
in august 1995 , the ttc suffered its worst subway accident in what it refers to as the russell hill accident , on the yonge-university-spadina line south of st. clair west station .	suffered	had	experienced	endured	saw	caused	received	recorded	sustained	got	gained
the short-beaked echidna is an iconic animal in contemporary australia , notably appearing on the australian five-cent piece and on a $ 200 commemorative coin released in 1992 .	contemporary	western	modern	rural	eastern	current	southwestern	global	coastal	mainland	mainstream
gygax is generally acknowledged as the father of role-playing games .	generally	often	usually	commonly	widely	sometimes	typically	frequently	universally	popularly	broadly
after 1910 , he spent the remainder of his life in moscow , working in the marfo-mariinsky convent .	remainder	rest	majority	entirety	bulk	last	latter	duration	continuation	renewal	conclusion
situated 13 miles southeast of seattle , washington , renton straddles the southeast shore of lake washington .	situated	located	about	at	found	approximately	just	lying	roughly	some	only
in the third book , harry potter and the prisoner of azkaban , rowling uses a time travel premise .	premise	concept	device	metaphor	narrative	paradigm	illustration	template	argument	perspective	backdrop
yass is a prominent area for raising sheep which produce very fine wool due to the soil and climatic conditions of the yass area .	prominent	famous	large	notable	common	popular	strong	leading	powerful	substantial	prestigious
annual production of lego bricks averages approximately 20 billion per year , or about 600 pieces per second : if all the lego bricks ever produced were to be divided equally among a world population of six billion , each person would have 62 lego bricks .	averages	is	exceeds	was	reaches	totals	increases	amounts	becomes	equals	adds
historians are undecided if lincoln actually said this line , and in a letter that stowe wrote to her husband a few hours after meeting with lincoln no mention of this comment was made .	undecided	unsure	uncertain	wondering	doubtful	skeptical	asking	debating	not	unknown	unaware
the interest was so great that developers found themselves advertising the parks rather than their own developments , as the highest prices would exist for the park perceived to be best .	advertising	selling	marketing	promoting	targeting	branding	opening	suggesting	approaching	criticizing	introducing
it generally consists of a shallow pool of water , usually quite calm .	generally	usually	typically	often	commonly	mostly	normally	thus	frequently	primarily	uniformly
a tropical cyclone strikes eastern cuba on september 28 .	strikes	hit	hits	affects	reaches	touches	impacts	form	forms	landfall	damages
the romans believed the fumes produced by burning castoreum could induce an abortion ; paracelsus thought it could be used in the treatment of epilepsy ; and medieval beekeepers used it to increase honey production .	produced	made	created	formed	released	caused	obtained	generated	taken	manufactured	caught
phosgene can be detected at 0.4 ppm , which is four times the threshold limit value .	detected	found	discovered	recorded	measured	reported	identified	observed	seen	sensed	diagnosed
he invites his sister , may belle to enter terabithia ; she is delighted because she was previously denied any opportunity to enter .	denied	refused	rejected	granted	given	without	declined	dismissed	blocked	ignored	rejecting
oat bread was first manufactured in england , where the first oat bread factory was established in 1899 .	manufactured	made	produced	created	built	developed	introduced	formed	constructed	woven	established
the trans-asian railway is a project to create an integrated freight railway network across europe and asia .	create	make	develop	establish	provide	build	form	become	promote	achieve	construct
if the object has exactly the same density as the fluid , then its buoyancy equals its weight .	fluid	material	flow	water	liquid	medium	gas	solvent	container	volume	matrix
they have also been observed in captivity catching spiny dogfish of up to 3-4 feet in length .	observed	seen	found	recorded	reported	noted	spotted	caught	documented	sighted	witnessed
in mid-november 2008 , president-elect obama and clinton discussed the possibility of her serving as u.s. secretary of state in his administration , and on november 21 , reports indicated that she had accepted the position .	indicated	showed	said	suggested	stated	shown	announced	revealed	confirmed	hinted	demonstrated
outcast of redwall is a fantasy novel by brian jacques , published in 1995 .	novel	book	story	fiction	tale	narrative	thriller	written	text	author	paperback
with the others bailed out for various food items , tom was the last man standing and won immunity .	various	different	some	certain	several	their	specific	numerous	common	particular	dubious
thus , on unification day , october 3 , 1990 , the german democratic republic ceased to exist , giving way to five new federal states , and east and west berlin were also unified as a single city , forming a sixth new federal state . the new federal states immediately became parts of the federal republic of germany , so that it was enlarged to include the whole territory of the former east germany .	territory	area	land	state	country	region	part	space	border	homeland	statehood
in the opening and middlegame , the king will rarely play an active role in the development of an offensive or defensive position .	rarely	never	not	usually	seldom	commonly	frequently	hardly	sometimes	few	poorly
the most troublesome situation usually occurs with short journeys from west to east .	troublesome	difficult	dangerous	serious	problematic	severe	fearful	critical	explosive	threatening	hostile
barnes & noble , inc. is the largest book retailer in the united states , operating mainly through its barnes & noble booksellers chain of bookstores headquartered in lower fifth avenue in lower manhattan , new york city .	headquartered	located	founded	based	,	found	centered	situated	operating	concentrated	anchored
hurricane-force wind gusts were reported in new england .	hurricane-force	strong	no	wind	storm	high	maximum	strength	strongest	gust	fast
spain and luxembourg currently have bourbon monarchs .	currently	also	still	already	thus	typically	both	previously	officially	each	individually
the toys are similar to many other small plush toys , however , each webkinz toy has an attached tag with a unique `` secret code '' printed on it that allows access to the `` webkinz world '' website .	unique	special	single	distinct	peculiar	specific	distinctive	certain	simple	particular	singular
jamie farr is an american television and film actor and popular game show panelist .	panelist	host	player	commentator	guest	contestant	writer	speaker	author	columnist	narrator
however , the availability of suitable habitat is critical : forest must be neither too old nor too young .	availability	supply	presence	lack	absence	existence	accessibility	access	abundance	emergence	occurrence
he enrolled at papanui high school , then university of canterbury , but for only one year .	enrolled	started	studied	was	entered	began	registered	arrived	continued	stayed	boarded
famous for hosting the annual rose bowl football game and the tournament of roses parade , pasadena is the home of many leading scientific and cultural institutions , including the california institute of technology , pasadena city college , the jet propulsion laboratory , art center college of design , the pasadena playhouse , california school of culinary arts pasadena , the norton simon museum of art and the pacific asia museum .	leading	notable	famous	important	major	prestigious	premier	prominent	renowned	powerful	global
bunch is a small unincorporated community in southwestern adair county , oklahoma , united states .	community	area	town	place	village	county	city	settlement	hamlet	municipality	location
the association of virtue with withdrawal from society - and specifically from cities - was a familiar theme in religious literature .	theme	subject	motif	concept	element	topic	idea	issue	tale	problem	trend
she has three older brothers : aaron , benjamin , and nathaniel , the latter of whom is a model and actor .	latter	former	last	second	younger	youngest	other	neither	lesser	respective	residual
before meeting the sacramento river , the san joaquin river has two distributary rivers , the old river and the middle river , both of which once were the main channels of the river . due to the bend in the san joaquin river channel at the head of the old river , a significant portion of the san joaquin river flow continues down the old river instead of heading northward along the san joaquin .	significant	large	substantial	major	small	considerable	notable	certain	sizable	minor	sufficient
the primary trinity included tinia , uni and menrva .	primary	initial	secondary	main	predominant	first	premier	tertiary	classical	basic	formal
tolstoy was born in yasnaya polyana , the family estate in the tula region of russia .	estate	property	home	mansion	house	farm	residence	seat	domain	plantation	resort
the earthquake engineering research institute is a leader in dissemination of earthquake engineering research related information both in the u.s. and globally .	research	scientific	technology	theory	search	medical	radio	r	reform	reading	medicine
notable former managers of notts county include jimmy sirrel , neil warnock , howard kendall and sam allardyce .	former	past	previous	current	recent	future	local	early	retired	prior	professional
in addition to local research conducted at the radio telescope , parkes scientists have assisted nasa for several missions as a southern hemisphere relay and communications station .	assisted	helped	joined	served	accompanied	aided	supported	provided	participated	advised	befriended
volcanologists frequently visit volcanoes , especially active ones , to observe volcanic eruptions , collect eruptive products including tephra , rock and lava samples .	frequently	often	regularly	commonly	sometimes	generally	also	typically	routinely	seldom	readily
pool , also known as pocket billiards , is the general term for a family of cue sports played on a pool table with six receptacles called pockets along the , into which balls are deposited as the main goal of play .	receptacles	pockets	areas	holes	spots	sections	cushions	hands	compartments	spaces	pits
he normally appears in a running gag , where he usually suffers unfortunate , nearly always fatal , events .	unfortunate	terrible	unpleasant	dreadful	disastrous	tragic	traumatic	unacceptable	humiliating	unsafe	inappropriate
most digital media are based on translating analog data into digital data and vice-versa .	translating	converting	changing	rendering	turning	interpreting	copying	encoding	shaping	converts	spitting
wrestlers portrayed a villain or a hero as they followed a series of events that built tension , and culminated into a wrestling match or series of matches .	villain	foe	minister	model	pirate	clown	nemesis	menace	thug	disciple	philanthropist
not to be confused with `` terms '' in colloquial usages , the shortened form of technical terms which are defined within a discipline or speciality field .	discipline	field	department	subject	division	curriculum	domain	technique	profession	gym	gymnasium
a `` dune field '' is an area covered by extensive sand dunes .	extensive	large	substantial	widespread	expansive	considerable	numerous	frequent	abundant	intensive	enormous
107 camilla is one of the largest main belt asteroids .	largest	biggest	smallest	smaller	few	many	big	heaviest	enormous	oldest	northernmost
first mentioned by the ancient greek geographer ptolemy , the pre-christian settlement of the saxon people originally covered an area a little more to the northwest , with parts of the southern jutland peninsula , old saxony and small sections of the eastern low countries .	sections	parts	portions	areas	communities	regions	stretches	sites	tracts	detachments	communes
jeanne demessieux had a prodigious memory : she had memorized more than 2,500 works , including the complete organ works of johann sebastian bach , csar franck , franz liszt , felix mendelssohn and marcel dupr .	prodigious	remarkable	powerful	good	great	strong	wonderful	big	notable	famous	unique
at the end of each season , a series of playoff games are contested among the top six teams in the nfc , consisting of the four division champions and the two other teams with the best win-loss records .	contested	held	played	fought	made	formed	disputed	hosted	scheduled	given	practiced
veritas and undina would have been the largest fragments of that collision .	fragments	pieces	remnants	parts	members	bodies	components	chunks	relics	casualties	formations
after the partitions of poland in 1794 the area was annexed by prussia .	annexed	acquired	taken	absorbed	gained	invaded	occupied	joined	added	captured	dominated
the models initially had difficulty predicting the track of the depression and the forecasts from the national hurricane center reflected this , indicating that the depression would move towards texas .	reflected	expressed	recorded	revealed	showed	mirrored	said	indicated	echoed	reinforced	mirror
a british nobleman , lord stanhope , took an interest in hauser and gained custody of him late in 1831 .	gained	acquired	got	regained	obtained	won	attained	received	achieved	became	secured
simon phillip cowell is an english music executive , television producer and entrepreneur .	entrepreneur	inventor	businessman	author	philanthropist	founder	developer	dj	investor	broadcaster	capitalist
the remnants of the depression persisted until 2 am edt at which time it was absorbed by a warm front .	absorbed	enveloped	formed	replaced	joined	received	swallowed	acquired	merged	met	integrated
a good measure of notability is whether someone has been featured in multiple , independent , reliable sources .	multiple	many	several	numerous	various	different	single	separate	primary	simultaneous	consecutive
it originally aired on the fox network in the united states on october 10 , 1991 .	aired	premiered	appeared	ran	debuted	broadcast	originated	launched	broadcasts	followed	arrived
religious law is explicitly based on religious precepts .	precepts	principles	beliefs	law	scriptures	traditions	properties	doctrines	views	claims	convictions
the principal greenhouse , in an art nouveau style with a modern metallic structure , resembles the mid-19th century crystal palace in london .	resembles	like	suggests	near	echoes	forms	depicts	recalls	joins	rivals	parallels
metlink , formerly the met , is the marketing body and umbrella brand for public train , tram and bus transport operators in greater melbourne , victoria , australia .	brand	label	name	logo	term	mark	franchise	sponsor	trademark	prefix	prefix
on april 9 , 1919 , miss marcella sherwood , who supervised the mission day school for girls was bicycling round the city to close her schools when she was assaulted by a mob in a narrow street , the kucha kurrichhan , was beaten and left wounded .	assaulted	attacked	beaten	hit	ambushed	pushed	raped	battered	invaded	overwhelmed	sacked
schoenberg refused , saying `` i would only make you a bad schoenberg , and you 're such a good gershwin already . ''	refused	declined	replied	rejected	denied	protested	answered	accepted	objected	appealed	disagreed
however media outlets soon found ways around the ban , initially by the use of subtitles , but later and more commonly by the use of an actor reading his words over the images of him speaking .	initially	first	largely	generally	particularly	originally	typically	primarily	mainly	firstly	predominantly
however , the new king , louis xviii , knew that ideas of nationalism and democracy still lingered in his country ; hence the establishment and signing of the charte constitutionnelle franaise , the french constitution otherwise known as la charte .	hence	despite	thus	indeed	namely	particularly	notwithstanding	concerning	whereby	see	principally
in 1873 mine employers attempted to introduce saturday afternoon and sunday shifts .	attempted	tried	managed	began	sought	failed	intended	hoped	trying	struggled	efforts
he then settled in the avon valley , one of the most rugged and inaccessible places in the darling range .	inaccessible	isolated	remote	difficult	accessible	rural	uninhabited	challenging	lonely	impoverished	secluded
the central planets are firmly under alliance control , but the outlying planets and moons resemble the 19th century american west , with little governmental authority .	outlying	neighboring	other	external	rural	nearby	southwestern	peripheral	residual	affiliated	lone
in 1639 , williams established a baptist church in providence , rhode island , and clarke began a baptist church in newport , rhode island .	established	founded	started	began	built	created	formed	found	organized	opened	planted
while each edition of windows 2000 was targeted to a different market , they share a core set of features , including many system utilities such as the microsoft management console and standard system administration applications .	core	central	basic	common	full	critical	primary	specific	similar	complementary	grassroots
the first conflict between the british and the marathas was the first anglo-maratha war which began in 1774 and resulted in the 1782 treaty of salbai , by which the island of salsette , adjacent to bombay island , was ceded to the british , while bharuch was ceded to the maratha ruler scindia .	adjacent	near	close	next	opposite	closest	attached	neighboring	located	closer	affiliated
openoffice.org calc is the spreadsheet component of the openoffice.org software package .	component	part	portion	element	member	version	feature	section	branch	constituent	integration
the countess tells him it is only susanna , trying on her wedding dress .	tells	informs	told	asks	warns	convinces	shows	says	assure	reveals	confesses
early representations of the balalaika show it with anywhere from two to six strings , which resembles certain central asian instruments .	representations	illustrations	depictions	forms	examples	versions	paintings	performances	depiction	copies	carvings
additional praise was given to its scope and future potential based on user-created content ; minor criticism was reserved for specific elements of the gameplay mechanics and level creation facilities .	elements	parts	aspects	features	areas	issues	characteristics	themes	principles	traits	ideas
loamhedge is a fantasy novel by brian jacques , published in 2003 .	published	written	released	printed	republished	appearing	produced	writing	launched	novel	issued
the eastern orthodox church accepts psalm 151 as canonical . roman catholics , protestants , and most jews consider it apocryphal .	consider	think	find	call	regard	believe	label	see	deemed	view	judge
he aided the doukhobors in migrating to canada .	aided	assisted	helped	supported	led	facilitated	encouraged	guided	enabled	benefited	assists
it is a permissive license , meaning that it permits reuse within proprietary software on the condition that the license is distributed with that software . the license is also gpl-compatible , meaning that the gpl permits combination and redistribution with software that uses the mit license .	permits	allows	enables	encourages	supports	prohibits	facilitates	controls	grants	privileges	invites
the battalion is usually part of a regiment , group or a brigade , depending on the organizational model used by that service .	usually	often	typically	generally	sometimes	commonly	always	a	normally	rarely	frequently
intense feelings of resentment trigger the initial retaliation , which causes the other party to feel equally aggrieved and vengeful .	retaliation	response	confrontation	revenge	reaction	reply	backlash	vengeance	counterattack	rivalry	repression
gravitational energy is the energy associated with the gravitational field .	associated	connected	related	corresponding	affiliated	linked	correlated	involved	shared	attributed	compatible
the dead body of a human is referred to as a cadaver , or corpse .	human	man	woman	child	person	female	christian	male	mortal	vampire	body
marshal manuel deodoro da fonseca became the first president of the republic of brazil after heading a military coup that deposed emperor pedro ii .	coup	rebellion	revolt	revolution	junta	plot	attack	operation	conspiracy	uprising	struggle
slipknot is a heavy metal band formed by vocalist and percussionist anders colsefni , guitarists donnie steele and josh `` gnar '' brainard , bassist paul gray , drummer joey jordison and percussionist shawn crahan , in des moines , iowa .	formed	founded	created	started	established	led	made	constituted	composed	joined	performed
the most recent goaltender to have scored a goal by deliberately shooting the puck into his opponents ' net was evgeni nabokov , in 2002 .	deliberately	simply	intentionally	merely	precisely	purposely	truly	forcefully	personally	consciously	explicitly
following the withdrawal of the more powerful class 74 electro-diesels in 1977 , the class 73 is now unique on the british railway network .	network	system	infrastructure	systems	chain	group	line	grid	area	landscape	surface
upon receiving its classification , the depression consisted of a partially exposed low-level center with deep convection occupying the northeastern semicircle .	occupying	in	across	over	forming	within	around	invading	entering	throughout	approaching
these notable synagogues include ; the great synagogue of rome , the new synagogue , the leopoldst_dter tempel , the grand choral synagogue , the great synagogue , the moscow choral synagogue , the great synagogue of florence , the great synagogue , plzen , the great synagogue , the ko ice orthodox synagogue , the novi sad synagogue , the szeged synagogue , the sofia synagogue and the great synagogue of oran .	notable	famous	large	prominent	significant	major	historic	remarkable	famed	considerable	prestigious
most of the detainees were captured japanese and italian military personnel , on august 5 , 1944 at least 545 japanese pows attempted a mass breakout from the camp , in perhaps the largest prison escape in world history .	breakout	escape	exit	release	exodus	retreat	evacuation	uprising	theft	entry	recapture
vinaigrette is a mixture of salad oil and vinegar , often flavored with herbs , spices , salt , pepper , sugar , and other ingredients .	ingredients	elements	materials	properties	chemicals	factors	constituents	solutions	acids	nutrients	additions
he supported the building of churches by distributing literature and providing ministers .	distributing	spreading	publishing	producing	writing	delivering	giving	selling	releasing	promoting	printing
as of the early 21st century , christianity has between 1.5 billion and 2.2 billion adherents .	adherents	followers	members	practitioners	people	believers	devotees	christians	inhabitants	visitors	residents
many schools teach children to make sock puppets and then have the children put on shows or plays for the whole school with them , sometimes with all the sock puppets singing .	singing	playing	crying	dancing	performing	screaming	sang	showing	teaching	recording	vocals
the word cereal derives from ceres , the name of the roman goddess of harvest and agriculture .	derives	comes	is	originates	differs	stems	arises	emerges	rises	springs	descends
miramax films was last operated by daniel battsek who reported to rich ross , chairman of walt disney studios motion pictures .	operated	owned	managed	run	founded	performed	controlled	directed	published	acquired	handled
he is portrayed by mark hamill .	portrayed	played	depicted	created	represented	performed	made	voiced	appeared	filmed	credited
super smash bros. was developed by hal laboratory , a nintendo second-party developer , during .	developed	created	made	built	released	produced	designed	conceived	formed	founded	published
the northern and western edges of the cotswolds are marked by steep escarpments down to the severn valley and the warwickshire avon .	escarpments	slopes	steps	cliffs	lines	runs	ridges	drops	routes	trails	deposits
they renamed the place alcante or alcanatif which means port of salt , due to the old salt industry of phoenicians and romans .	renamed	called	named	dubbed	name	nicknamed	gave	call	rebranded	became	titled
it was founded in 1964 in hamilton , ontario by canadian hockey player tim horton and jim charade , after an initial venture in hamburger restaurants .	founded	created	started	established	built	formed	launched	opened	born	incorporated	begun
the annual mean temperature is 25 c ; regional mean temperatures range from 18 c in the heart of the cordillera central to as high as 27 c in arid regions .	annual	yearly	daily	local	overall	average	seasonal	absolute	individual	acute	hourly
epistemology or theory of knowledge is the branch of philosophy concerned with the nature and scope of knowledge .	scope	definition	extent	boundaries	complexity	limitations	breadth	context	concept	validity	implications
the process is termed lichenometry .	termed	called	named	denoted	dubbed	designated	labelled	described	deemed	entitled	baptised
the name `` sea of corts '' is the one preferred by most local residents .	residents	people	communities	inhabitants	citizens	visitors	neighbors	municipalities	authorities	dwellers	practitioners
the 1997 atlantic hurricane season officially began on june 1 , 1997 , and lasted until november 30 , 1997 .	lasted	ran	persisted	stayed	continued	ended	went	lingered	stretched	endured	intensified
this was the first time in survivor history that the two initial teams were not preselected by the producers .	preselected	picked	created	chosen	formed	considered	kept	produced	nominated	coached	hired
the geological community generally accepts this hypothesis because it best explains sedimentary deposits generally regarded as of glacial origin at tropical paleolatitudes and other enigmatic features in the geological record .	hypothesis	theory	model	conjecture	interpretation	concept	proposal	classification	correlation	doctrine	geology
the hells angels , at the peak of their ` outlaw ' reputation , corralled lost children .	corralled	found	held	gathered	kept	had	took	released	collected	kidnapped	received
the roof of the west stand is corrugated iron this also houses the main television gantry which is accessed from the upper tier seating area by a temporary ladder .	tier	level	deck	stage	floor	triad	truss	layer	element	over	octave
it gradually decayed into a surface low pressure trough , and developed into two disturbances ; one was centered 290 miles south-southeast of cape cod and another was located 200 miles south of cape hatteras , north carolina .	gradually	slowly	eventually	rapidly	quickly	then	steadily	progressively	soon	successively	continuously
techno is a form of electronic dance music that emerged in detroit , michigan , us during the mid to late 1980s .	emerged	developed	began	originated	appeared	started	evolved	arose	formed	flourished	peaked
dhamtour has an average elevation of 1110 metres .	elevation	altitude	height	distance	prominence	temperature	heights	population	volume	topography	ascent
while in cambrai he collaborated with nicolas grenon on a complete revision of the liturgical musical collection of the cathedral , which included writing an extensive collection of polyphonic music for services .	included	was	involved	added	contained	meant	began	created	combined	supported	comprised
it is also the only one of the former provinces of south africa not to undergo border changes , excluding the incorporation of bantustans .	excluding	including	without	unlike	preventing	minus	lacking	despite	notwithstanding	inclusive	sans
nevertheless , until the middle of the 20th century , agriculture dominated the canton .	nevertheless	however	indeed	nonetheless	still	therefore	moreover	thus	consequently	hence	accordingly
the chain accounted for 22.6 % of all fast food industry revenues in canada in 2005 .	accounted	responsible	made	provided	produced	recorded	contributed	combined	reported	paid	reached
whatever the truth of the rumors , james required a royal match to preserve the stuart line .	preserve	protect	maintain	promote	retain	conserve	restore	safeguard	assure	ensure	keep
in 2005 and 2006 , the bulgarian state railways begin operating desiro trains as part of a 67-million deal with siemens ag for a total of 25 diesel multiple units .	operating	running	working	serving	using	selling	functioning	receiving	flying	issuing	trading
this category contains articles about albums released on island records .	contains	includes	has	features	include	indicates	for	incorporates	represents	serves	lacks
their heaviest defeats in the league were 10 - 1 against fulham in 1963 and 9 - 0 against manchester united in 1995 .	heaviest	biggest	largest	worst	greatest	strongest	deepest	highest	hardest	longest	lowest
uniquely among mammals , these teeth are continuously replaced throughout life , with new teeth growing at the rear as older teeth fall out from farther forward in the mouth .	continuously	gradually	steadily	always	slowly	regularly	frequently	rapidly	eventually	commonly	mostly
it is also known as a clothes iron , flat iron , or smoothing iron .	smoothing	rough	paving	squeezing	shaping	gripping	stroking	rendering	beating	screwing	mining
some of the first inhabitants of gili trawangan were from sulawesi who are fishermen and farmers .	inhabitants	residents	citizens	people	settlers	members	natives	colonists	dwellers	occupants	visitors
thousands of videos exist on youtube of users showing the original video to their friends and taping their reactions , although some videos seem to be staged .	taping	recording	showing	filming	measuring	documenting	making	discussing	copying	demonstrating	communicating
however , on 13 april 2008 , before the completion of the initial five years , it was announced that bryce was to become the next governor-general of australia .	initial	first	original	final	next	subsequent	inaugural	early	earliest	immediate	incoming
kasem is best known by name as a music historian and disc jockey , most notably as host of the weekly american top 40 radio program from 1970 to 1988 , and again from march 1998 until january 10 , 2004 , when ryan seacrest succeeded him .	program	series	show	broadcast	format	segment	chart	magazine	session	report	performance
liriodendron tulipifera , commonly known as the american tulip tree , tulip poplar or yellow poplar , is the western hemisphere representative of the two-species liriodendron genus and the tallest eastern hardwood .	commonly	also	often	generally	usually	widely	sometimes	popularly	frequently	formally	colloquially
another allegation asserts that during the previous year , on saint bartholomew 's day , vlad had 30,000 of the merchants and officials of the transylvanian city of bra ov impaled for breaking his authority .	asserts	says	is	states	claims	denies	declares	emphasizes	confirms	concerns	establishes
the result is a region of braided streams , marshes , and lakes the size of belgium ; the seasonal floods make the delta extremely productive for both fishing and agriculture .	extremely	very	highly	especially	particularly	incredibly	exceptionally	intensely	immensely	unusually	overly
during one event , german charley attempting to prevent the theft of a racehorse from the coombing park stables was shot to death by mickey bourke .	prevent	avoid	stop	resist	protect	deter	promote	prohibit	inhibit	assure	ensure
the cheetah hunts by vision rather than by scent .	vision	sight	eyes	eye	view	perception	blindness	image	seeing	blind	sighted
spun yarns may contain a single type of fiber , or be a blend of various types . combining synthetic fibers with natural fibers is very common .	various	several	different	many	numerous	certain	some	local	common	considerable	lesser
the character may be speaking his or her thoughts aloud , directly addressing another character , or speaking to the audience , especially the former .	character	person	protagonist	player	actor	role	heroine	personality	model	concept	comic
the aar , a tributary of the rhine , is the longest river that both rises and ends entirely within switzerland .	rises	begins	flows	runs	enters	starts	forms	originates	opens	levels	springs
the atmosphere was so intense that gring , in a telephone call that evening , stated : `` there is unbelievable jubilation in austria .	stated	said	commented	wrote	noted	declared	added	indicated	announced	remarked	proclaimed
the intent is to display the likeness , personality , and even the mood of the person .	intent	purpose	aim	goal	desire	focus	objective	meaning	ambition	effort	motto
kavirondo is the former name of the region surrounding kavirondo gulf as well as of two native peoples living there under the regime of british east africa .	former	current	previous	past	traditional	present	historic	prior	historical	temporary	singular
they are a type of reporter gene used in laboratory microbiology , molecular biology , and genetic engineering to indicate the success of a transfection or other procedure meant to introduce foreign dna into a cell .	indicate	assure	determine	mark	describe	confirm	signal	ensure	sign	predict	reveal
several other hollywood films are also believed to have been inspired by bollywood films .	inspired	influenced	created	produced	made	prompted	based	spurred	founded	formed	modelled
winchester college was founded in 1382 by william of wykeham , bishop of winchester and chancellor to both edward iii and richard ii , and the first seventy poor scholars entered the school in 1394 .	scholars	students	fellows	boys	children	pupils	sons	freshmen	candidates	intellectuals	donors
they consider the period of 1917 to 1991 to have been a period of occupation by the soviet regime which was internationalist and anti-christian .	regime	government	system	state	rule	administration	republic	union	party	revolution	society
microsoft windows includes an implementation of ssl and tls as part of its secure channel package .	implementation	instance	inclusion	integration	interpretation	infrastructure	example	illustration	installation	encoding	endorsement
he proceeded to the franco-prussian war in 1870 , and , being taken prisoner at vaucouleurs , he remained in french captivity for three months .	proceeded	went	rushed	succeeded	responded	participated	replied	ascended	embarked	advanced	penetrated
pind dadan khan tehsil is a subdivision of jhelum district , punjab , pakistan .	subdivision	division	part	municipality	tehsil	district	branch	unit	portion	taluka	component
although these reports did not contain any scores or rankings , the evaluation report for paris was considered the most positive , now followed closely by london which had narrowed down most of the gap observed by the initial evaluation in 2004 regarding paris .	considered	deemed	arguably	perhaps	called	likely	probably	generally	regarded	recognized	titled
the island of ireland lies only 30 k from the southwestern peninsula of kintyre ; norway is 305 k to the east and the faroes , 270 k to the north .	peninsula	coastline	coast	gulf	corner	mainland	point	end	tip	snout	landfall
men are supposed to come to the mosque wearing loose and clean clothes that do not reveal the shape of the body .	reveal	show	tell	hide	indicate	disclose	reflect	convey	conceal	expose	mention
the kingdom of the franks under charlemagne was particularly hard-hit by these raiders , who could sail down the seine with near impunity .	impunity	certainty	ease	success	violence	equality	speed	devastation	mastery	abundance	literacy
one day , she was given a home in stergtland as a gift by some rich women after she had cured them successfully and treated them .	successfully	well	,	quickly	completely	adequately	commercially	unsuccessfully	correctly	readily	positively
gumbasia , a 3 minute 34 second short film produced in 1953 , was the first clay animation produced by art clokey , who went on to create the classic series gumby and davy and goliath using the same technique .	classic	film	popular	famous	iconic	legendary	landmark	1960s	disney	pioneering	groundbreaking
also , the sound of the regional language qawwali can be totally different from that of mainstream qawwali .	mainstream	classical	standard	rural	vernacular	the	grassroots	ms	mass	lowland	macro
many people see al jazeera as a more trustworthy source of information than government and foreign channels .	trustworthy	reliable	credible	secure	powerful	precious	valuable	safe	loyal	confident	worthy
the epping ongar railway operates on a preserved railway along the final section of the old great eastern railway and london underground central line branch line between epping and ongar , with an intermediate station at north weald .	final	last	initial	following	current	complete	closing	concluding	terminal	ultimate	intermediate
in the immunity challenge , koror had an early lead , but ulong made a slight comeback .	slight	strong	quick	weak	small	faint	considerable	minor	few	substantial	weakened
it is also widely believed that the size and number of connections in the prefrontal cortex relates directly to sentience , as the prefrontal cortex in humans occupies a far larger percentage of the brain than any other animal . as the brain has tripled in size over 5 million years of human evolution , the prefrontal cortex has increased in size sixfold .	relates	lead	correspond	corresponds	leads	applies	connect	respond	refers	are	regards
during its boom times , beechworth town boasted a range of industries including , a tannery , jewellers , boot makers , a brewery , blacksmiths , livestock sale yards .	livestock	cattle	animal	and	animals	agricultural	sheep	stock	their	veterinary	herd
traditionally , after a long period of consuming gimjang kimchi during the winter , fresh potherbs and vegetables were popular for making kimchi . these kinds of kimchi were not fermented or even stored for long periods of time but were consumed fresh .	period	time	process	term	while	course	range	form	distance	stretch	spell
still visible throughout former east berlin are the characteristic `` ampelm_nnchen '' on some pedestrian traffic lights .	characteristic	notable	typical	familiar	colors	notorious	distinctive	relevant	predominant	directional	diagnostic
on 5 february 2007 , apple inc. and apple corps announced a settlement of their trademark dispute under which apple inc. will own all of the trademarks related to `` apple '' and will license certain of those trademarks back to apple corps for their continued use .	announced	reached	declared	signed	released	unveiled	confirmed	entered	reported	revealed	proclaimed
the head of ornitholestes was relatively small .	relatively	very	comparatively	extremely	fairly	rather	generally	particularly	also	similarly	moderately
the northern part of the continent , covering much of siberia was also inaccessible to the steppe nomads due to the dense forests and the tundra .	inaccessible	accessible	vulnerable	closed	dangerous	unavailable	difficult	unsafe	attractive	unsuitable	detrimental
while at trinity he became more focussed on music , for there he met the folk song collector cecil sharp and composer and folk song enthusiast ralph vaughan williams .	focussed	concentrated	keen	dependent	fixed	interested	concentrating	centred	specialised	restricted	qualified
canadian english is the variety of english used in canada . more than 26 million canadians have some knowledge of english .	variety	form	kind	language	type	style	version	dialect	usage	spelling	grammar
whedon wanted to create something for television that was more character-driven and gritty than most modern science fiction .	create	make	do	produce	write	develop	provide	form	find	have	achieve
fought on 22 august 1485 , the battle was won by the lancastrians . their leader henry tudor , earl of richmond , became the first english monarch of the tudor dynasty by his victory and subsequent marriage to a yorkist princess .	monarch	king	ruler	emperor	sovereign	crown	queen	regent	tsar	royalty	dynasty
the books were later adapted into a television series and a feature film .	adapted	made	developed	turned	translated	reworked	expanded	remade	written	produced	edited
the mtr was immediately popular with residents of hong kong ; as a result , subsequent lines have been built to cover more territory . there are continual debates regarding how and where to expand the mtr network .	immediately	instantly	already	quickly	initially	very	extremely	easily	unexpectedly	instant	rapidly
it is bounded by munshiganj district and comilla district on the north , noakhali district , lakshmipur district and barisal district on the south , comilla district on the east , and meghna river , shariatpur district and munshiganj district on the west .	bounded	surrounded	bordered	flanked	encircled	formed	enveloped	enclosed	characterized	cornered	characterised
then we see her deliberately contract cholera and be transferred to hospital .	transferred	sent	moved	taken	rushed	admitted	donated	added	converted	drawn	migrated
darth maul appears in as the apprentice of sith lord darth sidious who sends him to capture queen padm amidala and eliminate the two jedi , qui-gon jinn and obi-wan kenobi .	capture	seize	take	kidnap	catch	grab	protect	arrest	trap	get	grasp
this arrangement provided most of the agricultural labor throughout the middle ages .	provided	supplied	supported	received	gave	furnished	brought	shared	contributed	facilitated	constituted
roadrunner records is a record label that concentrates primarily on heavy metal bands .	concentrates	focuses	focus	focused	focusing	relies	works	operates	specializes	counts	centers
ashoka did not completely prohibit the killing of animals ; he prohibited gratuitous killings , he advocated restraint in the number that had to be killed for consumption , protected some of them , and in general condemned violent acts against animals , such as castration .	prohibit	prevent	resist	restrict	discourage	forbid	permit	suppress	require	condemn	exclude
to reduce space and increase reading speed , virtually all braille books are transcribed in what is known as grade 2 braille , which uses a system of contractions to reduce space and speed the process of reading .	reduce	save	minimize	decrease	lower	alleviate	shrink	conserve	lose	resist	contain
this is a considerably higher total than that of any other european country .	considerably	significantly	much	substantially	somewhat	further	relatively	dramatically	greatly	comparatively	particularly
apples require cross-pollination between individuals by insects ; all are self-sterile , and self-pollination is impossible , making pollinating insects essential .	require	need	must	provide	lack	consider	seek	are	demand	form	resist
a final violent confrontation with police took place at glenrowan .	confrontation	encounter	clash	brawl	showdown	duel	shootout	meeting	breakthrough	breach	collision
a tropical wave , which had previously spawned tropical depression six , interacted with an upper-level low pressure area to develop an area of deep convection near hispaniola on july 23 , 2003 .	previously	already	earlier	recently	subsequently	initially	also	since	formerly	currently	historically
other females within the social group may assist in the birthing process and tend to the newborns .	newborns	children	young	babies	baby	infant	infants	youngest	births	orphans	colonies
his reign spanned the years from 809 through 823 .	spanned	covered	included	traversed	stretched	encompasses	reached	encompassed	covers	embraced	crossed
neem karoli was a life-long adept of bhakti yoga , and encouraged service to others as the highest form of unconditional devotion to god .	highest	best	greatest	ultimate	finest	lowest	supreme	deepest	utmost	foremost	paramount
fives is a british sport believed to derive from the same origins as many racquet sports .	derive	come	be	originate	have	stem	form	differ	develop	rise	arise
in 1269 it was the seat of a famous battle during the wars of guelphs and ghibellines and in 1479 it was besieged by neapolitan troops .	besieged	attacked	siege	invaded	assaulted	occupied	fortified	stormed	taken	defended	sacked
gr_nberg and fert have received a number of prestigious prizes and awards for their discovery and contributions to the field of spintronics including the 2007 nobel prize in physics .	received	given	won	garnered	earned	gained	obtained	gotten	accepted	attained	achieved
during their trip , aras and cirie made a pact for the final 2 ; while danielle and terry also conspired for their fate in the game during their time on exile .	conspired	try	tried	plotted	played	fought	battled	plot	fight	worked	feared
gorgoneia that decorate the shields of warriors on mid-5th century greek vases are considerably less grotesque and menacing .	menacing	threatening	frightening	sinister	disturbing	fearful	terrifying	scary	ominous	dangerous	seductive
charon , discovered in 1978 at the united states naval observatory flagstaff station , is the largest satellite of the dwarf planet pluto . following the 2005 discovery of two other natural satellites of pluto , charon may also be referred to as pluto i . the new horizons mission is scheduled to visit charon and pluto in july 2015 .	satellite	moon	surface	spacecraft	star	mirror	crater	part	colony	body	territory
they are typically specified to withstand an impact of 3600 g and temperatures of over 1,000 c .	typically	usually	generally	also	often	commonly	frequently	currently	primarily	individually	consequently
if k rei did exist , there is no evidence to suggest that the title tenn was used during the time period to which his reign has been assigned .	evidence	proof	testimony	reason	indication	information	support	way	attempt	material	literature
once a flourishing saxon riverport , it lies in the waveney valley and is a popular boating center .	lies	is	sits	stands	lay	runs	rises	lands	forms	exists	borders
the circuit cost approximately us $ 150 million to construct .	construct	build	create	make	develop	form	establish	provide	obtain	comprise	commence
a page that is a redirect can be moved like any other page .	moved	placed	pushed	changed	removed	transferred	published	migrated	transported	relocated	propelled
then cogswell asked gallaudet to travel to europe to study methods for teaching deaf students , especially those of the braidwood family in edinburgh , scotland .	travel	go	move	come	return	journey	fly	visit	ride	head	tour
he is widely known for his roles as little joe cartwright in bonanza , charles ingalls in little house on the prairie , and jonathan smith in highway to heaven .	widely	well	also	best	commonly	most	generally	particularly	frequently	popularly	internationally
since minamoto no yoritomo launched the shogunate , the true power had been in the hand of the shoguns , who were mistaken several times for the emperors of japan by the chinese government .	launched	started	created	founded	established	joined	began	formed	reached	entered	commenced
swiss cheese is a generic name common to many countries for several related varieties of cheese which resemble the swiss emmental .	resemble	include	mimic	form	like	shape	recall	join	replicate	feature	simulate
several of these tropical cyclones have caused deaths or heavy property damage , usually due to flooding caused by rain .	caused	brought	been	produced	suffered	made	recorded	created	triggered	generated	reported
through these feedback processes , the cryosphere plays a significant role in global climate and in climate model response to global change .	significant	large	major	considerable	substantial	big	critical	notable	vital	key	powerful
about 20 % of patients with acute ischemic colitis may develop a long-term complication known as chronic ischemic colitis .	develop	have	become	form	create	make	get	yield	grow	provide	enter
fiction records is a uk formerly indie label , now wholly owned by polydor a subsidiary of universal music group , started by chris parry in 1978 that is best known as being the home of the cure for over 20 years .	owned	held	acquired	operated	sold	bought	purchased	signed	controlled	run	handled
alexander stepanovich popov was a russian physicist who first demonstrated the practical application of electromagnetic waves , although he did not apply for a patent for his invention .	demonstrated	showed	described	established	proved	made	discovered	exhibited	illustrated	observed	documented
in nature , there is a strong evolutionary pressure for animals to blend into their environment or conceal their shape ; for prey animals to avoid predators and for predators to be able to sneak up on prey .	conceal	hide	reveal	disguise	camouflage	mask	protect	disguised	obscure	covert	uncover
in switzerland , the constitutional ban on absinthe was repealed in 2000 during an overhaul of the national constitution , although the prohibition was written into ordinary law instead .	prohibition	law	constitution	ban	declaration	code	preface	condemnation	prescription	directive	usage
one theory suggests that the source of the name is an ancient finnic language , in which it means `` dark '' and `` turbid '' .	turbid	terrible	violent	mad	evil	stormy	fearful	watery	despair	dire	desperate
the geological composition of rock and soil dictates the type of shore which is created .	dictates	indicates	defines	is	determine	determines	describes	gives	controls	affects	becomes
he held the imperial seal and could convene all other viziers to attend to affairs of the state ; the viziers in conference were called `` kubbealt viziers '' in reference to their meeting place , the kubbealt in topkap palace .	convene	summon	call	get	allow	force	bring	cause	help	permit	expect
combining their observations with thermal measurements taken in november 2000 , the team estimated the size of the components of the system .	observations	findings	studies	discoveries	experiences	estimates	reports	investigations	statistics	analyses	assumptions
many beijing office towers were evacuated , including the building housing the media offices for the organizers of the 2008 summer olympics .	towers	buildings	blocks	cities	sites	structures	companies	complexes	offices	districts	schools
the sculpture was made from the same weathering steel as the angel of the north sculpture , which gradually develops a tightly adhering oxide layer as it is exposed to the elements .	gradually	slowly	rapidly	eventually	then	progressively	continuously	successively	consequently	readily	thus
valzacchi and annina now offer their services to him .	services	efforts	skills	solutions	activities	resources	prayers	careers	medicines	sentiments	salaries
because carbon dioxide is released at a faster rate through the acid-base reaction than through fermentation , breads made by chemical leavening are called quick breads .	released	produced	introduced	formed	given	taken	found	drawn	created	available	lost
many publications , such as the suikoden world guide and suikoden encyclopedia , exist for the suikoden series , though the majority are only in japanese .	exist	are	come	provide	appear	account	work	allow	occur	survive	correspond
as an adult , he was charged with a long list of crimes , including possession of counterfeit money , loitering and prowling , burglary , kidnapping and armed robbery .	loitering	wandering	stalking	theft	begging	looting	lying	robbery	cheating	intimidation	fraud
most baseball uniforms have the names and uniform numbers of players who wear them , usually on the backs of the uniforms to distinguish players from one other .	distinguish	differentiate	separate	identify	protect	contrast	recognize	mark	emphasize	differ	classify
it was founded where the nascent sydney to melbourne road crossed water in the form of the yass river .	nascent	new	old	existing	initial	fledgling	first	historic	early	emerging	primary
heights are measured to the structural height , which includes architectural elements , but not communications spires or antennas , per the guidelines of the council on tall buildings and urban habitat .	includes	contains	is	has	involves	recognizes	collects	exceeds	are	exclude	means
the decimal separator or decimal point or decimal comma is a symbol used to mark the boundary between the integral and the fractional parts of a decimal number in a positional numeral system .	boundary	border	line	frontier	distance	space	edge	ground	area	interface	margin
the dam was completed in 1974 and was designed to store water from the indus river for irrigation and flood control , and for the generation of hydro-electric power .	designed	built	used	intended	meant	created	constructed	developed	planned	supposed	equipped
particularly , community-building activities that are not strictly `` on topic '' may be allowed , especially when initiated by committed wikipedians with good edit histories .	initiated	started	implemented	created	begun	undertaken	introduced	prompted	enacted	executed	endorsed
xanten is also a popular filming location and the site of many concerts .	site	venue	location	home	seat	host	scene	house	center	spot	hosting
a reconnaissance aircraft flight into the system on september 20 reported a well-defined low and strong wind gusts in squalls as the system tracked into the northeastern gulf of mexico , along with limited and disorganized thunderstorm activity .	tracked	moved	ran	headed	raced	continued	climbed	rode	crossed	paced	projected
in electronics , a voltage divider is a simple linear circuit that produces an output voltage that is a fraction of its input voltage . voltage division refers to the partitioning of a voltage among the components of the divider .	produces	generates	gives	makes	creates	has	yields	outputs	delivers	drives	forms
the cynics were an influential group of philosophers from the ancient school of cynicism .	influential	important	eminent	active	innovative	notable	authoritative	prominent	eclectic	enthusiastic	effective
arche belongs to the carme group , made up of irregular retrograde moons orbiting jupiter at a distance ranging between 23 and 24 gm and at an inclination of about 165 .	irregular	unusual	regular	eccentric	unstable	lunar	chaotic	peculiar	erratic	turbulent	unofficial
loch ness is best known for the alleged sightings of the legendary loch ness monster , also known as `` nessie '' .	legendary	famous	notorious	infamous	famed	mythological	popular	mysterious	mythical	mystical	folklore
typically , a fast shutter speed will require a larger aperture to ensure sufficient light exposure , and a slow shutter speed will require a smaller aperture to avoid excessive exposure .	avoid	prevent	minimize	resist	escape	eliminate	evade	achieve	remove	assure	exclude
railways now bypass the three major falls , and much of the trade of central africa passes along the river , including copper , palm oil , sugar , coffee , and cotton .	bypass	pass	avoid	reach	serve	access	handle	leave	approach	skirt	span
security-enhanced linux is a linux feature that provides a mechanism for supporting access control security policies , including u.s. department of defense style mandatory access controls , through the use of linux security modules in the linux kernel .	provides	gives	includes	offers	creates	is	supports	allows	adds	incorporates	serves
johns and williams would have spent the next seven months working on a government work party in the local area , before being transferred to millbank prison .	transferred	sent	moved	taken	returned	added	removed	released	admitted	migrated	shipped
it lies on the southern side of lake constance .	lies	is	stands	sits	rises	comes	appears	belongs	runs	borders	occurs
an england batting collapse resulted in an innings defeat , denying bradman the opportunity to bat again and so his career average finished at 99.94 ; if he had scored just four runs in his last innings , it would have been 100 . a story developed over the years that claimed bradman missed the ball because of tears in his eyes , a claim bradman denied for the rest of his life .	resulted	culminated	led	ended	followed	turned	concluded	produced	formed	materialized	finished
the croatia national football team represents the republic of croatia in international football .	represents	is	for	of	recognizes	supports	includes	has	hosts	helps	champions
then , on august 15 , 1971 , united states president richard nixon announced that the united states dollar would no longer be convertible to gold , effectively ending the bretton woods system .	convertible	equivalent	equal	fixed	susceptible	cheap	correlated	given	weighted	vulnerable	literal
after holding the title for just over a month , they dropped them to john cena and batista on the august 4 episode of raw .	dropped	lost	gave	slipped	changed	passed	sold	lowered	released	abandoned	dumped
in general relativity , the effects of gravitation are ascribed to spacetime curvature instead of a force .	ascribed	attributed	due	linked	led	likened	related	applied	relative	said	traced
it is rare and valuable in finer grades and has been prized as a gem and ornamental stone for thousands of years owing to its unique hue .	hue	color	properties	qualities	characteristics	appearance	colors	traits	attributes	transparency	brilliance
for adam baldwin , who grew up watching westerns , the role of jayne cobb was particularly resonant .	resonant	strong	powerful	effective	important	popular	expressive	dramatic	vital	enduring	realistic
the sonata did not enter the mainstream repertoire , but it has been more recently championed by such pianists as marc-andr hamelin .	championed	praised	favoured	promoted	endorsed	appreciated	lauded	highlighted	revived	showcased	unearthed
a tuning fork or electronic tuning device may be used as a reference pitch , though in ensemble rehearsals often a piano is used .	reference	standard	common	starting	similar	specific	relative	correct	supplementary	reliable	bench
peter became extratropical on december 11 , and was absorbed by a cold front shortly thereafter .	thereafter	afterwards	after	afterward	subsequently	before	beforehand	later	following	whereupon	consequently
in 2003 , dushku appeared in wrong turn , a horror film in which she had the starring role , and the kiss , an independent comedy-drama .	appeared	starred	was	featured	played	performed	acted	debuted	were	stars	participated
his fighting style is primarily judo but has been modified to fight without the use of a judogi .	primarily	predominantly	mainly	mostly	largely	typically	solely	also	predominant	basically	fundamentally
in 1901 , an independent governor was again appointed .	appointed	elected	created	installed	named	nominated	hired	chosen	made	confirmed	employed
the album primarily deals with social issues that the band points on through various songs .	points	touches	lines	focuses	marks	draws	centers	looks	finds	sees	sights
ganymede and callisto , at their maximum separation , are the likeliest targets for potential naked-eye observation .	potential	possible	future	serious	likely	theoretical	prospective	probable	proposed	suspected	possibly
word processing templates enable the ability to bypass the initial setup and configuration time necessary to create standardized documents such as a resume .	enable	provide	allow	assure	include	facilitate	afford	incorporate	permit	improve	imply
a state religion is a religious body or creed officially endorsed by the state .	endorsed	supported	recognized	approved	backed	sponsored	signed	sanctioned	advocated	embraced	issued
the cibf was founded by the general egyptian book organisation , a government publishers and retailers group , in 1969 to coincide with celebrations of the 1000th anniversary of the founding of the city of cairo .	founding	establishment	creation	formation	inception	incorporation	opening	building	forming	birth	signing
it initially was completely dark , but as voyager 2 approached the planet , a bright core developed and can be seen in most of the highest-resolution images .	initially	originally	already	first	also	previously	immediately	generally	itself	overall	individually
a perfectly elastic collision is defined as one in which there is no loss of kinetic energy in the collision . an inelastic collision is one in which part of the kinetic energy is changed to some other form of energy in the collision .	kinetic	potential	internal	an	dynamic	physical	thermal	the	external	mechanical	impact
problems may arise particularly with disposable soft lenses ; if the surface tension between the lens and the finger is too great the lens may turn itself inside out ; alternatively it may fold itself in half . when the lens first contacts the eye , a brief period of irritation may ensue as the eye acclimatizes to the lens and also as dirt on the lens irritates the eye .	irritation	discomfort	agony	impatience	annoyance	suffering	concern	tension	frustration	infection	complaint
mary toft , also spelled tofts , was an english woman from godalming , surrey , who in 1726 became the subject of considerable controversy when she tricked doctors into believing that she had given birth to rabbits .	controversy	criticism	debate	scandal	dispute	publicity	discussion	notoriety	scrutiny	scandals	embarrassment
sdlp leader john hume , mp , identified the possibility that a negotiated settlement might be possible and began secret talks with adams in 1988 .	identified	recognized	described	indicated	recognised	discovered	examined	found	diagnosed	accepted	uncovered
a brief stint on go kart records saw the release of `` fly the flag '' , and now with their latest release of `` windward tides and wayward sails '' in 2003 finds them on union label group .	latest	newest	recent	new	current	newer	chief	southern	breakthrough	newfound	southernmost
it is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of union sportive du foyer de la rgie abidjan-niger .	matches	games	,	events	fixtures	activities	meetings	competitions	appearances	meets	applications
for the next several weeks , kozlov was interviewed on wwe programming , proclaiming his love for `` double double e '' but also began drawing a villainous response after declaring his superiority over whatever wrestlers were competing at the time , saying `` i could beat both of them . ''	villainous	strong	positive	powerful	fierce	vicious	hostile	fiery	tough	negative	forceful
according to kojiki , the entrance to yomi lies in izumo province and was sealed off by izanagi-no-mikoto upon his flight from yomi , at which time he permanently blocked the entrance by placing a massive boulder at the base of the slope that leads to yomi . upon his return to ashihara-no-nakatsukuni , izanagi noted that yomi is a `` polluted land '' .	placing	creating	removing	burying	setting	adding	positioning	installing	forming	digging	posting
the rice plants in the strain can be bred to other rice strains or cultivars , and if desirable plants are produced , these are further bred to stabilize the desirable traits ; the stabilized plants that can be propagated and `` come true '' are given a cultivar name and released into production to be used by farmers .	bred	grown	compared	planted	mated	used	married	matched	found	traded	sent
due to their fast growth , the foremost benefit of these trees is their wood .	foremost	chief	primary	main	principal	biggest	premier	sole	largest	paramount	predominant
its status as an official geological period was ratified in 2004 by the international union of geological sciences , making it the first new geological period declared in 120 years .	ratified	recognized	signed	confirmed	adopted	approved	accepted	endorsed	finalized	implemented	received
more specifically , the term stratus is used to describe flat , hazy , featureless clouds of low altitude varying in color from dark gray to nearly white . a `` cloudy day '' usually features a sky filled with stratus clouds obscuring the disk of the sun .	featureless	white	stationary	opaque	dense	dry	homogeneous	barren	continuous	fluffy	superficial
nuremberg was then an important and prosperous city , a center for publishing and many luxury trades .	prosperous	flourishing	wealthy	thriving	affluent	powerful	successful	vibrant	brave	confident	booming
super mario 64 is also characterized by featuring more puzzles than earlier mario games .	puzzles	mysteries	clues	challenges	graphics	solutions	secrets	colors	keys	resolutions	hooks
their escapades earned them a cover shot and a nude pictorial in a playboy spread .	pictorial	glossy	illustration	layout	silhouette	thriller	parlor	contest	masterpiece	headline	centennial
in 1971 , she witnessed the impoverished conditions of the trash collectors in cairo , egypt , and decided to live among them .	witnessed	saw	observed	seen	experienced	noticed	discovered	encountered	caught	reported	recognized
nearby there is the goobang national park , and peak hill which features an open cut mine that can be toured during holidays .	features	has	is	includes	contains	hosts	houses	incorporates	showcases	boasts	offers
good friday , also called holy friday , black friday , or great friday , is a holiday observed primarily by adherents to christianity commemorating the crucifixion of jesus and his death at calvary .	primarily	only	predominantly	mostly	mainly	solely	largely	exclusively	particularly	chiefly	typically
as of , it lies at latitude 66 33 39 south of the equator .	lies	is	stands	sits	comes	appears	rises	occurs	lands	falls	borders
along with herculaneum , its sister city , pompeii was destroyed , and completely buried , during a long catastrophic eruption of the volcano mount vesuvius spanning two days in 79 ad .	eruption	collapse	outburst	event	explosion	outbreak	ascent	burst	crater	activity	evacuation
human interference has nearly exterminated them in many areas , and , except for the beech forests of the austrian alps , forests of deciduous trees are rarely found .	rarely	seldom	frequently	not	never	hardly	commonly	few	regularly	barely	poorly
nakm won , and yaxh was instructed to find a new campsite .	instructed	told	asked	advised	encouraged	sent	directed	urged	taught	dispatched	tasked
the sheer weight of the continental icecap sitting on top of lake vostok is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration .	contribute	add	lead	help	cause	join	provide	be	correspond	belong	respond
the album peaked at number 10 on the u.s. billboard 200 chart , selling 48,397 copies in its first week of release ; it was eventually certified gold by the riaa in 2008 .	certified	recorded	awarded	recognized	graded	labeled	released	ranked	rated	deemed	riaa
the adjacent town of gzhatsk was renamed gagarin in 1968 in his honor .	adjacent	nearby	neighboring	surrounding	entire	neighbouring	rural	corresponding	bordering	closest	eponymous
at backlash , benoit retained the world title , after he forced michaels to submit to the sharpshooter .	forced	caused	compelled	allowed	helped	pressured	prompted	convinced	pushed	induced	urged
during the first boer war , the city was besieged by republican forces in december 1880 and march 1881 .	besieged	attacked	siege	stormed	fortified	assaulted	invaded	defended	threatened	sacked	raided
one of the defining aspects of the nintendo gamecube is the rejuvenated relationship between nintendo and its licensees . unlike previous generations in which nintendo was seen by some as bullying its third-party game developers , nintendo openly sought game-development aid on the nintendo gamecube .	rejuvenated	new	renewed	unique	strengthened	improved	continuing	historic	continued	respectful	inclusive
none of your watched items were edited in the time period displayed .	edited	included	added	used	archived	played	cut	corrected	incorporated	distorted	mirrored
originally made for the apple ii , they were later ported to other platforms .	ported	converted	adapted	migrated	moved	added	transferred	brought	translated	localized	connected
his work is displayed in the museum of modern art in yerevan .	displayed	shown	exhibited	featured	showcased	preserved	found	present	visible	located	stored
he was a prolific discoverer of asteroids , discovering 122 in all , from 136 austria in 1874 to 1073 gellivara in 1923 .	discovering	found	finding	producing	making	naming	locating	writing	publishing	detecting	reporting
males usually weigh about 500 lbs , but very large & old specimens can reach up to 2000 lbs .	specimens	examples	types	minerals	trunks	forms	buds	strains	mg	doses	grams
it was used to signify those who appreciated austen in the `` wrong '' way and the term , according to lynch , is `` now used almost exclusively about and against other people '' .	signify	indicate	describe	represent	mark	denote	emphasize	promote	express	name	assure
a committee of the institute appoints the laureates for the nobel prize in physiology or medicine .	laureates	winners	nominees	finalists	candidates	prizes	recipients	writers	nominations	competitors	losers
montgomery county of the u.s. state of maryland is situated just north of washington , d.c. and southwest of baltimore .	situated	located	found	placed	also	nestled	formed	seated	positioned	at	centered
this spelling was later corrupted to ouisconsin by other french explorers , and over time this version became the french name for both the wisconsin river and the surrounding lands .	version	form	word	name	area	variation	variant	model	spelling	shape	rendition
several people required rescue assistance , and in comal county a car accident caused three fatalities .	caused	produced	made	brought	created	prompted	generated	triggered	led	gave	formed
schigolch removes the body while geschwitz contemplates suicide , an idea she gives up when she realizes that lulu will not be moved by it .	removes	destroys	takes	protects	steals	receives	hides	leaves	accepts	collects	abuses
anti-tank dogs were dogs taught to carry explosives to tanks , armored vehicles and other military targets .	targets	sites	weapons	objectives	goals	positions	obstacles	mines	marks	destinations	fortifications
a historic organ was installed in it by the austrian firm rieger , in 1907 .	installed	placed	built	mounted	created	implemented	made	added	planted	introduced	opened
the birthday cake is traditionally highly decorated , and typically covered with lit candles when presented , the number of candles signifying the age of the celebrant .	traditionally	usually	often	typically	generally	historically	particularly	also	commonly	notably	famously
he secured a top post at the vienna state opera in 1943 , eventually becoming music director .	secured	gained	obtained	held	earned	reached	received	won	clinched	got	grabbed
the family - mother , father , old woman , young man , baby , and dog - are attempting to eat pieces of metal , such as chains , bicycle handlebars , and rifles .	attempting	trying	going	struggling	seeking	failing	working	desperate	beginning	managing	refusing
in wales , four church of england dioceses were disestablished in 1920 , becoming separated from the church of england in the process and subsequently becoming the church in wales .	separated	independent	apart	distinct	segregated	split	divided	detached	estranged	different	parted
in the 19th century and the first part of the 20th , baseball shoes were commonly black in color .	commonly	often	generally	usually	typically	nearly	frequently	mostly	rarely	widely	relatively
hydrostatic equilibrium occurs when compression due to gravity is balanced by a pressure gradient which creates a pressure gradient force in the opposite direction .	compression	pressure	force	expansion	displacement	strength	gravity	transport	lift	swelling	concentration
the true cross is the name for physical remnants which , by a christian tradition , are believed to be from the cross upon which jesus was crucified .	remnants	elements	properties	relics	articles	items	fragments	traces	artifacts	icons	shards
seafloor spreading occurs at mid-ocean ridges , where new oceanic crust is formed through volcanic activity and then gradually moves away from the ridge .	gradually	slowly	rapidly	eventually	quickly	steadily	progressively	generally	then	successively	readily
in 1887 the school relocated to the east lake community of birmingham .	relocated	moved	transferred	removed	returned	went	migrated	came	located	transitioned	affiliated
some han chinese believe they share common ancestors , mythically ascribed to the patriarchs yellow emperor and yan emperor , some thousands of years ago .	mythically	often	usually	sometimes	traditionally	frequently	falsely	wrongly	allegedly	possibly	critically
simms works alongside co-host and designer daniel kucan to redecorate a room of a home in just two days and with only $ 2,500 .	redecorate	decorate	create	design	make	transform	paint	improve	restore	color	remake
pikachu is among the most recognizable pokmon , largely because a pikachu is a central character in the pokmon anime series . pikachu is widely considered the most popular pokmon , is regarded as the official mascot of the pokmon franchise , and has become an icon of japanese culture in recent years .	considered	regarded	recognized	deemed	likely	thought	known	called	ranked	rated	titled
harvey became a strong extratropical storm during the night on august 8 and survived another few days before dissipating northwest of the azores on august 14 .	survived	endured	stayed	lived	sustained	lasted	recovered	continued	persisted	battled	recorded
in response to the weather system , the american national weather service issued wind watches for the oregon coast .	response	answer	reaction	reply	addition	contrast	reference	regard	correspondence	recognition	submission
it reached a peak position of number thirty-seven on the billboard hot modern rock tracks chart .	reached	achieved	attained	had	made	received	got	held	recorded	entered	peaked
pskov is an ancient city located in the north-west of russia about east from the estonian border , on the velikaya river .	located	found	situated	,	founded	built	formed	centered	discovered	placed	present
the major scale may predominate the minor scale in western music because of its unique harmonic properties ; in particular the major third is much stronger in the harmonic series than the minor third .	particular	general	which	fact	instance	such	example	addition	,	practice	regard
so impressed was rostropovich with his young pupil that at the end of her study with him , he declared her `` the only cellist of the younger generation that could equal and overtake own achievement . ''	declared	called	said	made	proclaimed	named	deemed	pronounced	described	termed	stated
the marriage was marked from the outset by sexual passion and emotional insensitivity when tolstoy , on the eve of their marriage , gave her his diaries detailing his extensive sexual past and the fact that one of the serfs on his estate had borne him a son .	outset	beginning	onset	start	first	inception	earliest	foundations	commencing	commencement	embryo
born as alfons karg , he was trained as a telecommunications technician , but soon became disenchanted with this profession .	profession	occupation	career	position	practice	job	role	trade	industry	discipline	environment
some features , however , are reminiscent of the scout movement .	reminiscent	characteristic	typical	distinctive	indicative	reflective	echoes	representative	symbolic	exemplary	derivative
the shinto pantheon alone consists of an uncountable number of kami .	consists	is	boasts	comprises	composed	has	exists	holds	speaks	counts	makes
this message earned saddam a great deal of popularity in many sectors of the arab world .	sectors	parts	areas	regions	countries	districts	quarters	places	aspects	categories	demographics
suddenly there was a scattering of fire , which three outfielders caught the brunt ; the centerfield was hit and was captured , left and right field managed to get back to our lines .	managed	tried	worked	attempted	struggled	fought	helped	scrambled	attempts	succeeded	escaped
`` c158 ( cf ex r145 ) `` the provincial in councilor the superior ofthe delegation in councilsets the financial competency of local superiorsand their councilsand determines which assets can be managed by individualoblates and by local superiors and their councils .	managed	held	used	kept	sold	acquired	handled	gained	controlled	achieved	provided
business development manager strategic alliances this individual will be responsible for coordinating , negotiating , launching , and managing accuity 's partner relationships .	managing	maintaining	controlling	handling	overseeing	operating	running	administering	supervising	preserving	retaining
a married woman retains ownership of any property she brought to the marriage , but the husband has the right to manage the property and to enjoy profits from the property .	manage	maintain	develop	use	control	run	keep	promote	handle	administer	improve
we do not need to ask for your specific permission to do these things , as explained below : treatment partners health care providers will use and share your health information to provide and manage your health care and related services .	manage	improve	coordinate	promote	administer	monitor	maintain	achieve	control	assure	maximize
according to a white house press release , al-taqwa and its affiliates `` raise , manage , invest , and distribute funds for al-qaeda ; provide terrorist supporters with internet service and secure telephone communications ; and arrange for the shipment of weapons .	manage	develop	run	grow	merge	consolidate	handle	incorporate	ltd	store	maximize
that is , if the average person ( say this is 98 % of people ) amasses 10 things , if i manage to acquire 20 things then perhaps my account is not worth twice as much but maybe 10x or 100x as much as average .	manage	try	attempt	get	happen	struggle	seem	succeed	achieve	survive	progress
there are different types of managed care systems .	managed	planned	coordinated	health	run	shared	defined	mixed	monitored	directed	guided
saddam hussein did n't manage to defeat the iranians .	manage	try	attempt	succeed	achieve	get	seem	work	happen	enter	respond
the m107 program is managed by the project manager soldier weapons with engineering support provided by picatinny 's armament research , development and engineering center .	managed	run	controlled	led	operated	overseen	directed	administered	handled	maintained	headed
rubinstein held the gambit pawn with 4.bf4 and 7.qd5 , but his neglect of kingside development was severely punished .	severely	greatly	heavily	strongly	critically	extremely	widely	highly	often	very	particularly
this veteran , the oldest pensioner in great britain , entered the army in 1758 , and was severely wounded at the battle of quebec under general wolfe , in consequence of which he became an out-pensioner of chelsea hospital , and continued so for the period of seventy-five years .	severely	badly	mortally	greatly	fatally	heavily	critically	gravely	extremely	seriously	strongly
perhaps the effect of west nile virus is sufficient to extinguish endemic birds already severely stressed by habitat losses .	severely	greatly	heavily	highly	strongly	badly	more	critically	significantly	adequately	profoundly
she looked as severely as she could muster at draco .	severely	bad	well	badly	poor	horrible	much	dire	desperately	worst	damaging
a day before he was due to return to the united states patton was severely injured in a road accident .	severely	badly	heavily	critically	greatly	seriously	gravely	fatally	extremely	very	mortally
use market tools to address environmental issues , such as eliminating subsidies for industries that severely harm the environment , like coal .	severely	greatly	significantly	badly	strongly	can	heavily	do	substantially	may	highly
this picture was severely damaged in the flood of 1913 and has rarely been seen until now .	severely	badly	greatly	heavily	very	extremely	highly	well	strongly	particularly	extensively
i was very disappointed when the author did not go into detail about how he regained his faith after having it severely undermined by his early studies in theology at university .	severely	greatly	badly	somewhat	heavily	completely	significantly	strongly	much	considerably	deeply
we do continue to support research on the differentiation of adult precursor cells into beta cells , but that 's a severely limited field in terms of how successful it has been .	severely	very	greatly	somewhat	significantly	highly	critically	poor	relatively	far	few
mutual funds are so severely conflicted that they will not avail themselves of the alleged benefits of the proposed rule .	severely	badly	greatly	heavily	very	strongly	extremely	highly	profoundly	critically	sexually
however , the examination will be detailed if the applicant expressly requests it ( for example , at the same time as filing the demand ) , or if the applicant files amendments and/or arguments ( for example , in response to the international search report , with the demand or in response to a written opinion ; see below ) .	examination	entry	interview	evaluation	application	investigation	essay	assessment	inspection	approach	argument
from the previous examination last week the auto-immune deficiency could also be excluded .	examination	diagnosis	admission	appointment	inspection	illness	interview	evaluation	investigation	assessment	ultrasound
readers will appreciate this well-researched examination .	examination	investigation	approach	entry	opening	inquiry	account	interpretation	evaluation	entrance	inspection
as well , he will continue his examination of the transatlantic connections that fuelled the slave trade .	examination	investigation	study	inspection	account	analysis	evaluation	assessment	exploration	identification	scrutiny
the us ranks 37th in a world health organization examination of the world 's health care systems .	examination	inspection	evaluation	assessment	review	reading	index	ranking	audit	rating	digest
40 among studies that found differences in procedure use in sex-discordant pairings , these differences have been seen largely in sex-specific services such as mammography screening , 25 , 35 , 39 prostate examination , 39 and pelvic examination or papanicolaou smear testing , 25 , 35 , 39 selected procedures that may have produced differences in use rates because of their sex-specific nature .	examination	assessment	inspection	diagnosis	approach	observation	evaluation	entry	exposure	engineering	elevation
the photograph on the surface does not show a conflict or an irony , but with close examination , the punctum -the element which stands out and punctures the stadium -becomes apparent .	examination	inspection	analysis	observation	investigation	study	reading	scrutiny	approach	evaluation	viewing
examination questions , 1961-1965 examination questions , ca 1961-1965 , 30 cm ( c.1 , c.21 ) examination question papers for various courses arranged alphabetically by subject and session .	examination	answer	entry	evaluation	opening	opinion	elevation	argument	exposure	essay	assessment
examination leave also includes the mornings of days in which examinations are held in the afternoon as well as the time spent travelling to and from the examination centre .	examination	this	the	its	office	electoral	educational	entry	election	event	inspection
i was given cardiovascular tests , including treadmill stress tests and ultrasound examinations of my heart , but apparently , things were n't bad enough that i was singled out for consultation .	examinations	tests	images	investigations	scans	studies	readings	assessments	analyses	findings	impressions
galls indeed arise from the stinging of the plant tissues by the ovipositors of female gall wasps , and the egg laid in the plant tissues develops inside the gall into a grub , which eventually emerges full-grown and transformed into a mature gall wasp .	gall	glass	social	paper	leg	clay	pol	ball	wing	gem	cl
these include laparoscopic gall bladder surgery and reflux disease surgery , non-cardiac thoracoscopic chest surgery , and certain cardiotomy procedures such as mitral valve repair .	gall	glass	gut	stomach	bile	green	wound	good	pouch	bad	jun
`` ( adams , pp.196-9 ) what arrogance and gall it took to write those words and demand that they be spoken by native tongues .	gall	pride	courage	guts	vanity	bravery	wit	danger	valor	flair	charm
in the case of my gall bladder removal , i was out the next day .	gall	bladder	natural	stomach	yellow	wound	green	bile	ball	dear	grass
even galls that formed on their trunks were eaten .	galls	those	stones	balls	feathers	buds	rocks	forms	ones	forests	fibers
come to my woman 's breasts , and take my milk for gall , you murdering ministers , wherever in your sightless substances you wait on nature 's mischief !	gall	you	yourselves	me	yourself	your	good	free	themselves	dear	flux
and the morans have the gall to ruin beethoven 's 6th in the process , too .	gall	power	courage	guts	ability	chance	charm	tendency	strength	wit	luck
galls indeed arise from the stinging of the plant tissues by the ovipositors of female gall wasps , and the egg laid in the plant tissues develops inside the gall into a grub , which eventually emerges full-grown and transformed into a mature gall wasp .	galls	wounds	these	nests	they	lesions	examples	them	hornets	fibers	tumors
in boston magazine 's glowing blurb on via matta , it had the extraordinary gall to say this : `` via matta has unquestionably found its niche with boston 's it crowd .	gall	courage	power	strength	ability	wit	grace	charm	beauty	bravery	warmth
`` what is the world to do in the face of these grim predictions ?	grim	terrible	dire	dreadful	bleak	ill	evil	awful	horrible	bloody	foul
`` he too can only watch in deepening despair as the grim work proceeds . '' looks more like resignation to me , but audiovision is not interested in letting us make up our own minds . `` finally , the military police carry the crates away for disposal . '' no , they just take them away .	grim	terrible	hard	bloody	evil	poor	bad	awful	heavy	brutal	ill
i 'd rather go face down , fast , in a plate of chili at 76 than suffer the grim attenuations of mental decay and wander off this mortal plane at 78 .	grim	dreadful	terrible	awful	dire	ill	deadly	dread	grotesque	gross	bloody
vincent van gogh in 1880 was a 27-year-old failure : a despised and rejected clergyman in a grim backwater mining town in belgium .	grim	bleak	poor	ghostly	fictional	notorious	dire	heavy	foul	dubious	sinister
hoarding and saving react with grim vengeance .	grim	bloody	heavy	deadly	dire	magical	comic	notorious	benevolent	ill	supernatural
`` once that grim reality had sunk in , kubrick 's response was an extraordinary tribute to sellers as an actor : `` we ca n't replace him with another actor , we 've got to get an authentic character from life , someone whose acting career is secondary-a real-life cowboy .	grim	dreadful	dire	fearful	ill	deadly	new	notorious	treacherous	reaper	foul
their trip had been a grim struggle with wet pitches , friable rock and bad bolts : they had reached the 1979 limit , but failed to go further .	grim	terrible	bloody	dreadful	poor	dire	heavy	tough	bleak	deadly	foul
i 'm concerned that they 're so grim and angry .	grim	bleak	gloom	brave	fearful	somber	dire	silent	haggard	strict	gaunt
`` that 's lawrence kaplan ' s grim verdict from baghdad .	grim	bloody	ill	awful	terrible	treacherous	grand	gloom	maiden	evil	summary
it started out looking pretty grim but we had pretty good rainfall in april and may .	grim	bleak	bad	awful	dire	gloom	somber	dim	scary	hopeless	manly
due to china 's economic reliance on trade , balance of payments should be the main factor for judging whether the yuan exchange rate is reasonable .	reasonable	fair	unreasonable	acceptable	adequate	right	suitable	satisfactory	ridiculous	correct	feasible
copyright law already addressed the issue in a much more reasonable manner .	reasonable	respectful	satisfactory	rational	sensible	generous	unreasonable	acceptable	restrictive	inclusive	tolerant
`` what we require now is the co-operation from the federal government to provide a flow of mortgage money through cmhc at reasonable interest rates and to encourage the conventional loans to be channelled into smaller units so that we may have the opportunity of the best housing and building programme in canada in 1971 .	reasonable	moderate	acceptable	medium	higher	unreasonable	favourable	satisfactory	cheap	favorable	affordable
for reasonable people , sure that 'll suffice .	reasonable	sensible	good	unreasonable	certain	most	rational	irrational	moderate	earnest	right
your objective should be to negotiate a contract type and price ( or estimated fee and cost ) that will result in reasonable contractor risk and provide the contractor with the greatest incentive for efficient and economical contract performance .	reasonable	considerable	minimal	unreasonable	substantial	minimum	rational	irrational	cheap	favourable	genuine
and if no exact & safe equilibrium can be introduced , it is more reasonable that a preponderating weight shd . be allowed to the greater interest than to the lesser .	reasonable	likely	sensible	certain	unreasonable	plausible	acceptable	comfortable	respectable	suitable	legitimate
besides overseeing the operation of pipeda and dealing with complaints , i can conduct audits into organizations ' personal information-handling practices , if we have reasonable grounds .	reasonable	good	fair	certain	unreasonable	some	rational	common	legitimate	the	irrational
the matter of the further evidence may then be heard when the other party has had reasonable opportunity to prepare submissions on the matter .	reasonable	the	sufficient	adequate	an	good	some	ample	unreasonable	practical	satisfactory
this will allow state-licensed health-care providers to utilize safe , non-fda approved , alternative therapies that have a reasonable expectation of therapeutic gain if the patient has been fully informed about the treatment .	reasonable	good	substantial	certain	theoretical	sufficient	rational	considerable	satisfactory	suitable	genuine
( 2 ) in a civil action under subsection ( a ) of this section , the court , in its discretion , may allow the prevailing party , other than the united states , a reasonable attorney 's fee and costs .	reasonable	fair	good	minimal	modest	certain	satisfactory	legitimate	sufficient	lesser	subjective
it is relatively simple to find lenses which will maintain reasonably good central resolution the central resolution , but thus far , i have not been able to achieve an edge resolution better than about 0.1 mm with `` off the shelf `` lenses .	thus	so	hence	by	thereby	this	however	consequently	yet	while	since
the calculation is based on the loan 's original principal , so fellows who are not recent graduates , and thus have been making loan payments , are treated the same as new graduates .	thus	therefore	so	hence	consequently	they	thereby	which	traditionally	these	presumably
thus for example , ophthalmologists will need to know in a given population how many people of a particular age group and/or sex will suffer a retina detachment in the course of a year .	thus	so	hence	consequently	while	however	therefore	as	similarly	particularly	for
although he 's pitched 200 innings for the first time since mike had a girlfriend ( 200 innings being 6 more than any met has pitched this season thus far ) , pedro has , again , seemed annoyingly off-balance lately .	thus	so	by	this	therefore	hence	yet	thereby	since	consequently	however
grey 's reformist doctrines can thus be seen , not as an attempt to set out on the road to democracy , but as a means to strengthen the power of his own class , the aristocracy .	thus	therefore	however	indeed	thereby	then	consequently	hence	likewise	frequently	similarly
a clear imperative thus confronts american progressives -- that intricate ( and frequently fragile ) web of communities comprised of people of color , feminists , gays and lesbians , the poor and working class , as well as ethnic whites who value ethnicity , indeed all who have been systematically disenfrancised and dehumanized under the once ascendant `` traditional values `` of pre-civil rights america .	thus	therefore	indeed	consequently	thereby	however	dramatically	critically	negatively	reportedly	meanwhile
we struggle to think of any other minority group in society who would be so easily and conveniently stereotyped and are saddened that law abiding , genuine football supporters of both sexes , all ages and backgrounds who want to stand are thus thought of and portrayed as would be hooligans merely because they prefer to stand .	thus	consequently	frequently	simply	thereby	similarly	likewise	traditionally	so	reportedly	negatively
the kind of control he exercises is thus likely to be limited to `` passive `` control such as inspection of produced goods and testing to insure that quality standards are being met .	thus	therefore	so	however	consequently	particularly	currently	relatively	this	similarly	thereby
thus they can connect with `` who found them `` .	thus	so	hence	therefore	this	consequently	indeed	these	themselves	however	thereby
the experiment also helps us in understanding the language of dreams , and thus begins the process of interpretation .	thus	so	therefore	thereby	this	consequently	then	hence	indeed	directly	similarly
going to court : civil trial procedure this pamphlet explains what happens when you go to court about civil cases involving negligence or damages .	civil	public	human	constitutional	commercial	constructive	personal	roman	formal	romantic	turf
with all due respect to our civil authorities and lawmakers , we are called to testify by word and action , to the essential truths of our faith .	civil	military	public	local	federal	democratic	political	domestic	social	personal	parish
it is contrary to the spirit of civil law , and to the natural working of economic law .	civil	constitutional	roman	public	natural	english	humanitarian	ecclesiastical	christian	democratic	catholic
yes , we occasionally get into some heated discussions here , and the language can get a bit colorful at times , but in general , the posters are relatively civil and well-behaved .	civil	polite	fair	brave	humane	respectful	benign	simple	kind	soft	mild
lionel , singapore lebanon has overcome all adversities in the past , ranging from civil wars to israeli invasion .	civil	local	domestic	royal	chaos	such	guerrilla	turf	league	bloody	brutal
this means combating corruption , building strong and accountable public sectors which have the necessary staff to deliver vital services , and ensuring that parliaments , civil society , and the media can monitor public spending and act as watchdogs against corruption .	civil	public	polite	social	human	the	christian	humane	plural	roman	grassroots
truly classy people find a way to be polite , civil and courteous .	civil	legitimate	friendly	formal	charitable	fair	gentle	humane	confidential	casual	realistic
not just another period piece on germany 's disturbing past , this film should have deep resonance for today 's movie fans who are concerned about civil and human rights .	civil	social	legal	human	public	constitutional	personal	sexual	these	plural	sanitary
spontaneous gestures are a pie in the face of civil society .	civil	public	human	political	modern	general	christian	contemporary	grassroots	formal	roman
since civil discourse in our country is increasingly lacking , and the word insanity in this context implies a lack of such civility , how can that be a good thing for anybody or the mark of a great president ? eh , one episode , wha-evuh .	civil	public	democratic	political	social	constitutional	human	critical	urban	romantic	concrete
the pulses were either short or long , representing the dots and dashes of morse code .	pulses	spikes	signals	posts	spurs	rods	clips	sparks	beats	darts	outputs
the river has always been the pulse of the town , although the reasons have changed slightly over the years .	pulse	heart	spirit	heartbeat	essence	pace	spark	flagship	flair	stride	paradigm
non alcohol related questions & answers q. i take a fair amount of exercise on a training machine , and my pulse is 110 at the end of the session .	pulse	rate	heart	beat	temperature	velocity	pressure	heartbeat	blood	gravity	hp
most of the time , it lies hidden beneath the noise and confusion of our everyday lives , a quiet pulse that almost unconsciously drives us forward to this day and the next .	pulse	rhythm	beat	heart	heartbeat	pace	surge	trend	spark	indication	flair
on examination the knee was found to be swollen , and distal limb pulses were absent .	pulses	spikes	deliveries	posts	spurs	signals	indications	beats	readings	shocks	nerves
sustained bass notes and ambient pulses keep things gently swirling .	pulses	beats	currents	colors	spikes	gases	pressures	posts	shocks	clips	darts
prevalence of different agro-ecological tracts has made it possible to grow a multitude of over 60 crops ranging from typical tropical ones to moderate temperate varieties including cereals such as rice , wheat . maize , millet , beans , pulses and oilseeds : industrial crops such as cotton , jute , rubber , sugar cane , toddy palm , tobacco and spices , and many others both edible and non-edible .	pulses	peas	potatoes	peppers	seeds	spices	staples	commodities	rains	rations	turbines
it 's also present in adequate quantities in dairy products , eggs and nuts , as well as in combinations of foods such as pulses and grains .	pulses	peas	beans	potatoes	peppers	pumps	spurs	spikes	grams	chili	pods
but he could feel the whale was sensing him with sound pulses .	pulses	beats	efforts	cues	calls	communications	spikes	pressures	shocks	deliveries	resources
she drank a great deal of coffee and had a rapid , thin pulse .	pulse	heart	heartbeat	rate	rhythm	beat	reaction	response	mark	fast	pace
go `` he leaves and she sits down in the chair , looks over the figures and mutters softly to herself as she reaches for the mouse .	softly	quietly	silently	lightly	slowly	loudly	faintly	steadily	heavily	warmly	surprisingly
the best small cars ride smoothly , even over uneven road surfaces , but are not so softly sprung that they wallow when turning , braking or accelerating .	softly	lightly	well	quietly	gently	easily	firmly	readily	heavily	weakly	brightly
it was falling on every part of the dark central plain , on the treeless hills , falling softly upon the bog of allen and , farther westward , softly falling into the dark mutinous shannon waves .	softly	gently	slowly	quietly	steadily	lightly	rapidly	gradually	largely	low	hard
it should not be that a son should remember his father for having tapped the table after a meal ... smiling softly , he touched his knuckles to his lips .	softly	quietly	warmly	gently	tenderly	faintly	broadly	weakly	brightly	widely	kindly
finally she smiled softly and told him , `` as a matter of fact i did .	softly	warmly	quietly	tenderly	slowly	,	faintly	broadly	brightly	kindly	widely
the wood was softly polished , the bronze had a beautiful green	softly	lightly	well	highly	quietly	gently	heavily	faintly	richly	warmly	quite
that day , said the father softly with tears now rolling down his face , the boys from both teams helped bring a piece of true love and humanity into this world .	softly	quietly	,	gently	slowly	loudly	loud	faintly	lightly	heavily	steadily
and , hissing softly with the voice of fire , and brightening to a wrathful , terrible gold , the demon leapt forward to do battle with the beast , even as it had promised me , in return for its freedom after cycles of captivity .	softly	quietly	slowly	gently	lightly	faintly	warmly	steadily	heavily	closely	strongly
nia steps beside rafe , her hands gripping softly on the straps of her backpack .	softly	quietly	gently	firmly	lightly	slowly	steadily	silently	warmly	deeply	faintly
in the front seat stel and dominic are chuckling softly at us and dominic slides in a tape of sky-noise .	softly	quietly	gently	lightly	warmly	hard	loudly	steadily	brightly	faintly	heavily
if we divide any number by 4 , we would get 1 or 2 or 3 , as the remainders .	remainders	survivors	majority	results	casualties	losses	finals	residual	receipts	gains	recipients
only one third of the young people questioned said that they had recently had a satiating meal . , the remainder could not remember when they last had one .	remainder	rest	majority	bulk	survivors	form	proportion	multitude	populace	residual	plural
the majority of subjects , 90 percent , came from the metropolitan seattle area , with the remainder coming from across the united states .	remainder	rest	majority	latter	bulk	minority	residual	excess	proportion	plural	handful
humor books , which are ephemeral , and appeal to a narrow audience , often go out of print quickly ; they are especially likely to turn up at remainder houses or remainder tables in bookstores .	remainder	rest	majority	excess	portion	bulk	refuge	sanctuary	residual	residue	defect
the remainder of the soup list evokes eastern europe , comprising soljanka , a ruddy vegetable-based soup containing a significant fraction of some unfortunate animal ( $ 4.50 ) and a sweetish roasted beet soup ( $ 4 ) .	remainder	rest	majority	whole	entirety	bulk	minority	proportion	conclusion	residue	marquess
however , with only .14 of an inch falling the remainder of the month , this left only 2.86 for the month , or .69 of an inch below normal .	remainder	rest	majority	whole	entirety	bulk	conclusion	minority	reprint	aftermath	marquess
jimfurtado - this thread is the sum of a remainder of an unbalanced equation inherent to the programming of the primate .	remainder	fraction	portion	majority	proportion	result	resultant	residual	consequence	fragment	residue
of course a whole number can be negative and we have to agree what we mean by the remainder in this case ; for example , what is the remainder of -12 when we divide it by 10 ?	remainder	rest	residual	result	excess	residue	void	entirety	surplus	fraction	defect
cost : $ 1,990.00 for the eleven day trip , ( payable with a non- refundable deposit of $ 500 by july 31 , 2001 and the remainder by september 1 , 2001 ) .	remainder	rest	latter	majority	entirety	excess	residual	bulk	receipt	conclusion	residue
if there is one child then the first $ 20,000 would go to the widow or widower and the remainder would be divided equally , half to the child and half to the widow .	remainder	rest	majority	entirety	latter	residual	portion	residue	proportion	minority	fraction
the rapid disintegration of apparently strong and united countries , and the bitter internal conflicts which usually followed , has made a real impact in rangoon .	apparently	previously	historically	seemingly	generally	relatively	traditionally	the	supposedly	usually	surprisingly
for example in 1794 a man called isaac rooke was found apparently dead in a close near nottingham .	apparently	seemingly	supposedly	allegedly	quite	almost	completely	presumably	mysteriously	missing	surprisingly
moreover , play seems not only inefficient because of its vigor ; it seems to be sometimes downright dangerous , exposing the organism to apparently unnecessary risks .	apparently	some	seemingly	supposedly	allegedly	relatively	historically	notably	several	reportedly	surprisingly
however , this apparently crushing blow early in a promising career took a strange twist .	apparently	supposedly	seemingly	allegedly	especially	surprisingly	reportedly	obviously	unexpectedly	unusually	historically
the rest of the world is apparently not doing too differently or even better , whatever the latter may mean in consequence .	apparently	reportedly	supposedly	certainly	allegedly	clearly	seemingly	however	obviously	unfortunately	surprisingly
the chilling conclusion is that apparently fairly modest changes in initial conditions can produce huge differences in the final outcome .	apparently	only	seemingly	somehow	even	surprisingly	especially	quite	relatively	these	however
`` the system apparently requires nothing more than an internet connection and a web browser to use -- no software or hardware required .	apparently	supposedly	allegedly	actually	reportedly	really	somehow	basically	seemingly	obviously	suddenly
the world has been apparently powerless to do anything about it .	apparently	quite	completely	relatively	suddenly	finally	made	surprisingly	mostly	seemingly	officially
in those twenty years , the national highway traffic safety administration has apparently never deemed the location of the malibu 's fuel system to be a problem .	apparently	reportedly	however	somehow	seemingly	supposedly	almost	surprisingly	strangely	mostly	remarkably
apparently you had to write in to the show requesting tickets at least 9 months in advance .	apparently	actually	somehow	eventually	then	finally	also	however	unfortunately	surprisingly	amazingly
finno-ugrian languages , in the widest sense of the word , share a few core vocabulary items , though when critically examined , the number of satisfactory etymologies appears smaller than was thought earlier ( janhunen 1981 ; sammallahti 1988 ) .	earlier	previously	before	prior	originally	later	initially	already	beforehand	historically	otherwise
if you wish to collect your robes earlier you should contact the above number to arrange collection .	earlier	later	,	before	today	beforehand	immediately	alone	already	previously	individually
it is possible that if he had gone earlier he may have recovered .	earlier	before	later	sooner	longer	today	previously	better	higher	beforehand	already
finding it earlier would have saved me lots of time and made it easier to work with my architect .	earlier	later	today	alone	before	already	previously	beforehand	easier	prior	yesterday
i came to this realization later than some older and more perceptive scientists , but , even so , earlier than many others .	earlier	older	later	better	sooner	higher	longer	quicker	rather	beforehand	faster
many countries have changed policies to allow investments that earlier might have been prohibited or been otherwise difficult .	earlier	previously	later	once	already	otherwise	originally	prior	even	historically	initially
earlier , during world war i , hitler was an isolated human being , scorned for his strange pathetic ramblings .	earlier	later	however	previously	indeed	initially	prior	originally	already	beforehand	overall
i mentioned that i would be seeing this new dr regarding counselling and psychology , jan thinks it is a good idea and it would probably help me , as i 'd missed out earlier .	earlier	before	on	later	already	yesterday	today	again	previously	there	once
the key to public choice , as you said earlier , is common sense .	earlier	later	before	previously	today	yesterday	originally	prior	beforehand	already	otherwise
we have measures in place to keep it that way , `` spokeswoman maeve o'beirne said . [ the key point is whether the us should have acted a week earlier given the fact that france had imported 20,000 sheep from the uk during the critical period .	earlier	later	before	sooner	ago	previously	beforehand	older	longer	further	thereafter
do not be swayed by herd constraints -- know that you are working on another level entirely from the rest of the world .	entirely	completely	wholly	altogether	separate	even	only	solely	exclusively	strictly	distinctly
the prohibitive cost of heroin in alice springs is keeping the drug off the streets but not entirely out of the town .	entirely	completely	quite	wholly	really	fully	directly	totally	largely	altogether	yet
if you link to any such websites you will leave the business essentials website and do so entirely at your own risk .	entirely	wholly	completely	only	fully	largely	solely	exclusively	perfectly	totally	equally
usually , these test questions are based entirely on the material covered in the text .	entirely	completely	only	largely	solely	wholly	primarily	mostly	exclusively	directly	totally
here are some of the principal sources for evidence in inductive arguments : 1 . in essays on literature , the evidence comes almost entirely from the text of the work you are evaluating , that is , from the words on the page .	entirely	completely	wholly	solely	exclusively	fully	directly	exactly	equally	overwhelmingly	evenly
both schemes are funded entirely from general revenue and non-contributory .	entirely	only	completely	wholly	solely	directly	exclusively	largely	totally	primarily	mainly
still , even against all odds , they have decided to put hope entirely on what they see as a fresh start .	entirely	solely	directly	completely	exclusively	only	wholly	altogether	positively	firmly	overwhelmingly
note that the expression reads in the file entirely in one go .	entirely	completely	all	almost	only	wholly	fully	perfectly	totally	altogether	exclusively
their involvement depends entirely on what the individual wants .	entirely	only	solely	completely	largely	wholly	exclusively	mostly	totally	mainly	overwhelmingly
avoid cliches too - words and phrases that are so frequently used that they are entirely predictable and emptied of any interesting content .	entirely	completely	perfectly	fully	wholly	largely	utterly	quite	totally	all	adequately
according to this liberal approach , capital is a source of powe r that should be used by capitalists , just as political power should be used by politicians , for the benefit of society .	liberal	democratic	radical	new	literary	electoral	grassroots	mainstream	western	leftist	l
i have heard educated , liberal women talking about how long to wait before calling a man back , or whether the date should be in her neighbourh ood , or how long to wait until sleeping with him , as if there is some secret formula , some mathematical principle to romantic happiness that she has yet to divine .	liberal	young	progressive	fertile	generous	popular	radical	free	hopeful	lively	moderate
the show was a liberal smattering of silly voices , awful puns , and mildly smutty humour , and was totally anarchic , with the audience controlling most of the show in later series .	liberal	large	heavy	generous	loud	mixed	loose	few	rough	voluntary	moist
she is a product of a tremendously unorthodox family with liberal views toward sex , marriage , religion and child-rearing .	liberal	radical	restrictive	moderate	critical	favorable	open	generous	mixed	inclusive	plural
a guide for the scientific novice - concepts are clearly explained with liberal use of careful definitions and analogy .	liberal	strong	the	generous	heavy	inclusive	appropriate	expansive	powerful	limited	moist
municipal housing schemes with liberal aid from the central government will be encouraged for those who do not wish to establish their own houses .	liberal	local	an	generous	financial	grassroots	new	limited	legislative	some	regulatory
we 're both in our early thirties , both grew up in the suburbs of east coast us cities , raised by liberal parents who pushed us towards soccer , the progressive , globalized , nonviolent sport of choice for seventies and eighties us parents .	liberal	progressive	young	radical	democratic	strict	outspoken	grassroots	literary	creative	free
patients should limit exposure to the sun and use liberal amounts of sunscreen .	liberal	generous	limited	moderate	lesser	low	little	various	few	some	restrictive
the potatoes were remarkable ... they did n't look like much , but were cooked with herbs and a liberal sprinkling of pepper that made me wish for more after my plate had been cleaned .	liberal	good	generous	heavy	gentle	fair	mild	welcome	soft	lovely	healthy
this decision , by liberal judges no less , is so blatantly at odds with the intention of private ownership and the constitution that it makes me , a lifelong democrat , extremely suspicious of what is going on in that court .	liberal	democratic	the	young	progressive	local	radical	grassroots	leftist	western	free
1co 7:22 for he who was called in the lord while a slave , is the lord 's freedman ; likewise he who was called while free , is christ 's slave .	likewise	thus	and	indeed	for	yet	however	similarly	simply	whereas	meanwhile
the minister and his wife were likewise ill-treated , but they steadfastly refused to betray the hiding-place wherein they had disposed the valuable honours .	likewise	also	indeed	generally	decidedly	particularly	similarly	considerably	severely	simply	critically
the other could likewise be a constellation of some type , an animal or a map .	likewise	also	indeed	thus	simply	however	nevertheless	itself	thereby	themselves	similarly
in this sense of the word , faith is the essential virtue of science , and likewise of any religion that is not self-deception .	likewise	thus	indeed	consequently	also	similarly	so	thereby	particularly	traditionally	uniquely
maybe a journalist 's privilege should likewise be limited .	likewise	simply	also	indeed	surely	merely	nevertheless	necessarily	nonetheless	consequently	decidedly
the canal project would likewise have a high impact , reversing these trends .	likewise	also	thus	indeed	consequently	undoubtedly	certainly	presumably	necessarily	thereby	decidedly
the cost of providing easy to use access systems is likewise a consideration .	likewise	also	indeed	thus	certainly	simply	nevertheless	similarly	nonetheless	sufficiently	timely
we are also reminding the member states that they should do likewise .	likewise	so	indeed	this	thus	themselves	appropriately	accordingly	positively	sufficiently	anything
collective penalties and likewise all measures of intimidation or of terrorism are prohibited .	likewise	thus	indeed	consequently	generally	particularly	similarly	notably	simply	substantially	formally
there are many false beliefs about two-stroke oils and some say that cheap oils do not mix with the expensive stuff and likewise with synthetic and mineral oils .	likewise	also	thus	indeed	consequently	particularly	simply	thereby	merely	hence	adequately
however , fine ceramics from iran , china , and possibly yemen , were imported and these enable us to date the occupation .	possibly	perhaps	probably	sometimes	the	presumably	hence	arguably	potentially	gravely	various
but , what is there of value that satan could possibly hope to win from jesus ?	possibly	perhaps	surely	probably	ever	potentially	readily	necessarily	allegedly	hopefully	seemingly
bloggers , who sometimes think of themselves as the current big thing of the internet , wondered how this could possibly be .	possibly	really	potentially	perhaps	yet	could	seemingly	necessarily	surely	might	variously
( 22 ) general dwight d. eisenhower letter to george patton ( 29th april 1944 ) i have warned you time and again against your impulsiveness and have flatly instructed you to say nothing that could possibly be misinterpreted .	possibly	potentially	perhaps	not	probably	ever	necessarily	surely	be	really	definitely
the whole organization is utterly impersonal ; it is hard , mechanical , inhuman , relentless , and must be so , and can not possibly be otherwise .	possibly	yet	necessarily	be	really	probably	readily	potentially	currently	arguably	seemingly
on average , bud 's dodging with his 6 combat dice would generate 3 successes , bud will be definitely be shot at least once and would possibly end up getting shot twice .	possibly	probably	likely	perhaps	necessarily	presumably	surely	potentially	not	definitely	hopefully
possibly in the future i see the elimination of poverty , economic freedom , the repair of the ecosystem , the elimination of war ... all possibilities .	possibly	perhaps	but	yet	although	however	sometime	necessarily	surely	particularly	arguably
yet if you are a seasoned webmaster this website system gives you everything you could possibly want , and saves you time in your busy day !	possibly	probably	potentially	perhaps	necessarily	surely	seemingly	arguably	presumably	currently	hopefully
he was born at arles in present day southern france and possibly raised as a christian .	possibly	probably	was	perhaps	presumably	subsequently	apparently	allegedly	later	sometime	reportedly
although immunizations may be uncomfortable for your child and for you as a parent , it is one of the best ways to prevent your child from getting a contagious and possibly dangerous disease .	possibly	potentially	perhaps	probably	sometimes	highly	often	particularly	potential	hopefully	arguably
the only detectable effect was psychological stress during and shortly after the accident .	shortly	immediately	soon	long	briefly	directly	quickly	just	rapidly	simply	closely
performance test for a system coupled with a locally manufactured station engine model mwm will start shortly .	shortly	soon	quickly	immediately	later	promptly	slowly	today	rapidly	instantly	prematurely
the evidence of wallat was given very shortly .	shortly	soon	quickly	briefly	promptly	rapidly	early	simply	late	narrowly	slowly
family members went to a neighbor 's house and called 911 shortly before 3:00 a.m. firefighters arrived within minutes to find the home fully involved .	shortly	just	soon	immediately	well	quickly	minutes	,	sometime	moments	simply
shortly , he closed his book and raised his eyes upwards , acknowledging them all with a slight nod of the head .	shortly	soon	later	then	thereafter	subsequently	eventually	however	briefly	quickly	rapidly
go to hell ! she remembers paul yelling at her shortly after their wedding .	shortly	soon	immediately	just	sometime	quickly	directly	moments	briefly	rapidly	simply
they said to me that he spoke with those patient very shortly without any interest in the patient and many times , i had to say to him -- ' take care about those patients ' or something , you know .	shortly	soon	quickly	early	rapidly	briefly	simply	frequently	closely	narrowly	surprisingly
you shortly come upon grassingdon , a picturesque old village with lead mining heritage .	shortly	soon	eventually	will	immediately	have	quickly	rapidly	briefly	gradually	simply
hannah will just keep spouting her pat answers . `` how about we all go to copperchino for coffee ? '' tyler suggested . `` we can talk there . '' `` can't , '' said becca shortly , as they reached the bike rack at the edge of the parking lot . `` today 's my mom 's staff meeting at the community center and i promised i 'd be home to watch alvaro . '' hannah nodded approvingly . `` jacie told me about the wonderful things your family is doing for that little alien boy .	shortly	briefly	simply	promptly	formally	rapidly	curiously	however	dryly	suspiciously	colloquially
they were penned by libertarianz founder ian fraser shortly before he left act in disgust .	shortly	just	soon	,	immediately	briefly	quickly	long	weeks	right	simply
the different variables defining the optimal state can therefore be seen as intrinsic needs .	therefore	indeed	also	thus	however	consequently	nevertheless	hence	subsequently	accordingly	traditionally
this is not a new phenomenon , but one inherent to capitalism itself and recognised by karl marx who pointed out that `` during its time of circulation capital does not perform the functions of productive capital and therefore produces neither commodities nor surplus-value '' 16 and , circulation proceeds in space and time .	therefore	thus	so	consequently	indeed	hence	ultimately	necessarily	allegedly	inherently	economically
the terms therefore seek to preclude plaxo from complying with a request by an individual for alteration or deletion of their personal data .	therefore	thus	also	however	hence	nevertheless	indeed	particularly	consequently	allegedly	appropriately
psychologists are not doctors and therefore they can not prescribe medication .	therefore	thus	so	hence	consequently	even	indeed	however	such	accordingly	allegedly
labour market deregulation is therefore instrumental in boosting jobs and reducing unemployment .	therefore	thus	indeed	also	however	consequently	nevertheless	particularly	especially	undoubtedly	arguably
you should therefore report the break-in to the police .	therefore	also	indeed	not	thus	immediately	probably	consequently	however	undoubtedly	positively
we therefore oppose the government 's proposals .	therefore	thus	also	nevertheless	indeed	consequently	however	hence	strongly	immediately	accordingly
this setting exists to prevent accidental 'panning ' on mouse downs that are intended for other actions ( and therefore , prevent unintended changing of the scaling into manual mode ) .	therefore	thus	consequently	hence	so	indeed	moreover	also	subsequently	accordingly	similarly
you will therefore permit me to repeat , emphatically , that marley was as dead as a door-nail .	therefore	also	thus	nevertheless	however	hence	subsequently	consequently	indeed	moreover	invariably
they should take note of darius ' admonitions. -- well i think this is ok because they 're part of your race and therefore part of your extended family .	therefore	thus	so	also	hence	consequently	indeed	ultimately	evidently	allegedly	potentially
the same is true if you are using internet newspaper sites : some media outlets can be worthy sources of information and analysis and others are not .	worthy	good	valuable	important	sufficient	useful	proper	legitimate	such	proud	powerful
we are so profoundly ignorant in these matters , so far from anything worthy of the name of science , that one view is just as permissible and just as untrustworthy as the other .	worthy	respectful	critical	proud	true	proper	supportive	shy	dubious	inclusive	positive
but there has been a good campaign fought by all the candidates and i would like to think that a person taking his place in this house in the next week or two will be a worthy representative of the residents in north vancouver .	worthy	good	proper	sufficient	true	proud	suitable	qualified	genuine	keen	respectful
nicolson : 1 do n't think that anyone has suggested that in a good number of these amounts , the money is not going toward worthy causes .	worthy	good	noble	such	charitable	proper	sufficient	useful	philanthropic	meritorious	dubious
thirty-three-year-old delahaye was a popular figure in the paris office and was talked about as a worthy successor to robert capa .	worthy	good	proper	suitable	sufficient	deserved	proud	meritorious	respectful	rightful	keen
but i pictured carolyn looking just as slender and elegant , appearing at benefits for worthy causes .	worthy	good	noble	charitable	such	sufficient	various	critical	proper	compassionate	dubious
but overall , it makes for worthy listening on a good sound system .	worthy	good	proper	sufficient	true	proud	respectful	legitimate	appropriate	sublime	genuine
it means knowing and loving ourselves enough to open the doors to allow a higher understanding of what the idle half our minds are capable of doing , disciplining ourselves to use the gifts accurately , for worthy purposes .	worthy	useful	proper	sufficient	noble	appropriate	legitimate	our	such	compassionate	meritorious
if babydaddy says he wo n't be around for the kid if you are n't sleeping with him , or you fear he wo n't , ask yourself if he 's a worthy boyfriend or father .	worthy	good	proud	proper	wise	sufficient	true	respectful	brave	suitable	faithful
we fork over cash for all sorts of less worthy things .	worthy	good	sufficient	precious	charitable	deserved	critical	respectable	pleasing	prestigious	meritorious
thus , the analyst acquires knowledge about the nature of the patient through an awareness of something going on in him .	acquires	receives	gets	gains	gained	finds	derives	collects	discovers	learns	gathers
a subsidiary was floated in the uk , tata tea ( gb ) ltd. , which acquired the controlling interest in the tetley group .	acquired	gained	obtained	purchased	inherited	became	formed	got	received	absorbed	assumed
with the offer now completed , 2016091 ontario inc. will proceed with further steps to acquire the remaining ixos shares not owned by it , in accordance with german law .	acquire	obtain	purchase	seize	gain	attain	convey	win	incorporate	consolidate	grab
teacher education students will acquire the knowledge and skills required to apply current and emerging educational technologies both as teachers in training and as practicing teachers .	acquire	obtain	get	gain	possess	develop	learn	become	attain	form	convey
how many times have i caught up with those people several years later , to discover that they have acquired a lifestyle , a car and a mortgage to match their salary , and that their initial ideals have faded to the haziest of memories , which they now dismiss as a post-adolescent fantasy ?	acquired	gained	become	obtained	got	attained	earned	purchased	received	added	adopted
then judge whether you already have these skills in some form or could reasonably acquire them before retirement .	acquire	obtain	develop	purchase	get	attain	receive	gain	make	have	become
thank you for having osiris here . we 've been involved in mesenchymal stem cell , adult stem cell research for about 11 years now . our technology came out of arnie kaplan 's lab and was acquired from case western at that time , and we 've been solely focused in that area since on several applications .	acquired	purchased	transferred	bought	gained	obtained	inherited	added	formed	adopted	absorbed
provides counseling , education and advocacy programs which help area residents acquire and retain/maintain safe and affordable housing .	acquire	develop	obtain	get	purchase	enter	buy	seize	possess	win	gain
more than 200 of the most significant works acquired by the corning museum of glass during the 1990s , to augment its holdings of 35,000 objects , are featured here .	acquired	received	purchased	obtained	gained	taken	made	bought	gathered	donated	formed
yet the last four are unattainable , the narrator insists , if you ca n't acquire the personal security -- the `` inner core , `` says covey -- that presumably comes from a mastery of the foundation .	acquire	get	obtain	possess	enter	develop	gain	grasp	attain	become	convey
anointing of the sick may be repeated if the person becomes ill again or the danger becomes more acute .	acute	serious	severe	intense	extreme	immediate	imminent	chronic	dire	pronounced	urgent
using occasional case studies , cutler defines her terms and provides specific examples of acute and chronic allergens causing asthma and allergic reactions and the genetic , environmental , metabolic , and little-known causes that play roles in asthma onset .	acute	intense	immediate	rapid	initial	traumatic	essential	abrupt	inhaled	acid	aero
patchwork solutions produced by the personality ethic are like painkillers for an acute disease ; the problems might be temporarily hidden , only to return later with a vengeance .	acute	inflammatory	extreme	immediate	initial	internal	external	inhaled	effective	essential	explosive
hands , in particular , seem to be acute qi detectors and transmitters .	acute	external	immediate	extreme	intense	essential	indicative	damaging	aiding	agency	audible
recommendations regards less of inappropriately placed patients in acute hospitals and the difficulties associated in placing these patients we estimate that the equivalent of a fully resourced general hospital ( 130million ) is taken up by p atients who have suffered from preventable error .	acute	chronic	such	these	critical	extreme	urgent	essential	external	inadequate	inhaled
coronavirus as a possible cause of severe acute respiratory syndrome .	acute	initial	personal	clinical	abrupt	positive	immediate	individual	aero	infant	arterial
by sheer personal determination he raised the subject of psychic phenomena into the arena of acute controversy -- and kept it there .	acute	immediate	extreme	considerable	sharp	intense	profound	severe	overwhelming	dire	damaging
isis-3 : a randomised trial of streptokinase vs tissue plasminogen activator vs anistreplase and of aspirin plus heparin vs aspirin alone among 41,299 cases of suspected acute myocardial infarction .	acute	local	clinical	immediate	chronic	initial	potential	annual	anterior	traumatic	inhaled
`` generous chinese loans ' the best recovery that money can buy ' for all its fragilities , nothing yet has slowed this fire-breathing dragon - not the asian financial crisis of 1997-'98 ; not the internet and technology crash ; not synchronous global recession of 2001 ; and not this year 's outbreak of severe acute respiratory syndrome , or sars .	acute	external	explosive	acquired	adverse	traumatic	chronic	abrupt	urgent	annual	inhaled
does this woman have an acute uncomplicated urinary tract infection ?	acute	immediate	initial	extreme	explosive	imminent	intensive	integral	arrest	inhaled	arresting
wherever the azt caravan stopped , it presented physicians from important metropolitan centres like london and new york .	caravan	wagon	convoy	procession	pilgrimage	flotilla	band	bazaar	convoys	rag	cache
your trailer or caravan must be fitted with an approved style number plate .	caravan	vehicle	barn	jeep	rig	ford	tractor	vehicles	cam	cattle	campground
if you sat facing cologne you could n't see the chimney stacks further up the river , if you squinted you could n't see the caravan park on the other side , if you drank enough weisse weijn the thronging day-trippers greyed-themselves out .	caravan	theme	pilgrimage	rv	visitor	picnic	cattle	cedar	commuter	portfolio	buffer
tent , caravan or campervan . make sure of your future work plans before you move on from your present location .	caravan	tent	chariot	wagon	canvas	pilgrimage	rhino	toyota	sham	mirage	dir
you might think of several caravans of trucks all using the same road system to carry materials .	caravans	types	groups	series	convoys	rows	classes	companies	trains	lines	teams
the town is also well known as a transit point for the camel caravans bringing salt up from the arid lands of the dankal depression .	caravans	wagons	convoys	routes	roads	trails	camps	towns	companies	drivers	journeys
in his distress of mind at being left behind by the caravan , he had not noticed where he had thrown the load .	caravan	group	convoy	river	camp	wagon	wagons	team	rv	flotilla	rhino
about the time that ross , trudo , and benware were beating tipton senseless , the three-vehicle caravan , led by the blazer , with defendant as the driver and harris as a passenger , pulled into the parking lot .	caravan	convoy	group	wagon	rv	trailer	team	herd	barn	procession	cluster
lazy lizard caravan park , pine creek small and nondescript caravan park behind the pine creek tavern , off the stuart highway .	caravan	campground	picnic	rv	safari	national	resort	cavern	conservation	portfolio	viewpoint
directly away from where the caravan was headed . : : : yang watched the exchange with interest .	caravan	wagon	convoy	ship	procession	journey	flotilla	wagons	ark	icon	mig
to understand why this should have been so , we need to look more closely at the nature of the style and its origins .	closely	carefully	deeply	intently	directly	strongly	widely	broadly	favorably	readily	tightly
some people have guessed that this radiation is closely related to a period of intense cold and a high level of ice cover occurring around 600 mya ; perhaps environmental stresses wiped out competitors and created opportunities for a ( relatively ) clever animal to succeed and proliferate .	closely	strongly	directly	tightly	intimately	loosely	roughly	broadly	highly	widely	critically
they are working closely with natural tunnel state park , where the staff , eager to have additional housing nearby , have assured the bakers that they will be booked on a regular basis since the demand for housing outweighs supply .	closely	together	heavily	strongly	tightly	directly	along	frequently	regularly	cautiously	critically
the department is also working closely with hm customs and excise who are in the lead on developing the national lorry road user charging scheme .	closely	along	heavily	together	tightly	directly	strongly	greatly	widely	vigorously	significantly
retail : in the u.s. , analysts will be looking closely at third-quarter results .	closely	carefully	broadly	directly	widely	hard	intently	favorably	critically	cautiously	eagerly
their academic careers are closely intertwined with social and political developments such as secularisation and antisemitism .	closely	often	frequently	strongly	heavily	generally	particularly	tightly	directly	intimately	loosely
`` the baby has developed very normally and has been followed closely .	closely	widely	frequently	generally	constantly	strongly	regularly	broadly	rapidly	greatly	narrowly
to prevent asthma episodes you will have to work closely with your doctor to : develop a medicine plan that keeps you from getting symptoms .	closely	together	directly	along	carefully	heavily	tightly	successfully	warmly	positively	critically
problems are flagged quickly and , working closely with your staff , we propose solutions .	closely	along	together	heavily	directly	strongly	frequently	tightly	particularly	with	significantly
what women want on a first date ( updated thursday , dec 5 , 2002 , 02:06:55 pm to reflect the 100 most recent valid responses. ) assuming you are a woman , which most closely matches your idea of a great first date ?	closely	strongly	precisely	exactly	tightly	directly	accurately	strictly	readily	broadly	loosely
but that last statistic is misleading , because a variety of studies shows that about 40 % of the workers who do n't take up healthcare offers have coverage through a spouse , and another 20 % ( likely younger workers ) decline coverage to save money .	decline	drop	lose	reduce	lack	fail	recommend	enter	reject	resist	discourage
in an interview for this survey , gordon brown , the british chancellor and himself a scotsman , said that support for the snp declined as the election neared because the party failed to give convincing answers to big questions about how it would run scotland 's economy .	declined	dropped	diminished	faltered	faded	deteriorated	failed	weakened	plunged	peaked	collapsed
st. lawrence cement increased domestic cement deliveries , but on balance volumes declined owing to delivery bottlenecks in the northeastern us .	declined	dropped	fell	diminished	collapsed	failed	recovered	plunged	faltered	slumped	faded
the air force has experienced low levels of equipment availability in the last five years , and availability of the hercules and the aurora fleets continues to decline .	decline	fall	drop	fade	suffer	collapse	fail	weaken	shrink	descend	deter
high school non-completion rates continue to decline 5 and an increasing number of young people are pursuing post-secondary education 6 .	decline	drop	fall	rise	yield	remain	dip	hold	weaken	delta	descend
whenever there is a condition with results in cardiac dysfunction stroke volume will eventually declined .	declined	failed	rise	fail	develop	diminished	recovered	improved	deteriorated	collapse	faded
the productivity of crops and pastures , as well as the health of other vegetation , declines as the saline watertable reaches their root zones .	declines	rises	drops	falls	collapses	fails	improves	reduces	suffers	fades	spikes
unhappy with being called to task for declining scores , political educators complained that the tests were unfair to some , so they watered them down - - as if 2+2=4 was being challenged as unfair on racial , gender or other social-oriented measures .	declining	dropping	failing	losing	changing	deteriorating	reducing	raising	lowering	such	slipping
in particular , per capita incomes in africa have declined relative to the industrial countries and in some countries have declined in absolute terms .	declined	dropped	fallen	changed	risen	diminished	grown	deteriorated	plunged	reduced	collapsed
the garch model is an infinite order arch model with a geometrically declining set of weights .	declining	increasing	reducing	changing	shrinking	losing	weak	weakening	failing	deteriorating	yielding
i will not endure the laughter of the court .	endure	suffer	tolerate	withstand	accept	survive	embrace	resist	hear	handle	experience
and this combined annual incidence-rate will endure indefinitely too , until the annual production-rate is altered .	endure	continue	survive	persist	suffer	exist	extend	withstand	tend	linger	thrive
positive attitude overcomes pelvic pain former athlete janet h has endured 20 operations and has been reduced to surviving on a special liquid diet after being stricken 24 years ago with endometriosis .	endured	suffered	experienced	undergone	survived	had	enjoyed	recorded	resisted	attempted	documented
what was n't my fault was the ordeal i had to endure to fix it .	endure	suffer	undergo	face	experience	do	withstand	survive	overcome	confront	resist
developers are routinely asked to endure the hardships of design extremes , such as a low-memory footprint , in order to reduce total system cost .	endure	suffer	withstand	resist	survive	experience	overcome	undergo	tolerate	handle	embrace
the white sox , who are enduring what i call the curse of the 1919 black sox ?	enduring	suffering	breaking	experiencing	resisting	strengthening	maintaining	battling	violating	absorbing	honoring
and , to a large extent i have harvard to thank for that -- for the extraordinary role models i studied and studied under and the friendships i made that have endured .	endured	survived	suffered	persisted	emerged	experienced	intensified	flourished	existed	enjoyed	traversed
now here he is , gowned and on a gurney , forced to endure a medical procedure all because of some soup .	endure	suffer	withstand	undergo	resist	survive	tolerate	overcome	administer	embrace	violate
however , people often endured inadequate at because of the lack of a viable alternative .	endured	suffer	felt	suffered	experienced	experience	were	become	are	feel	became
the campaign should challenge the notion that prostate problems are an inevitable part of ageing to be endured rather than investigated .	endured	suffered	faced	experienced	ignored	survived	tolerated	persisted	encountered	weathered	tackled
the hispanic family : an untapped resource one step that schools can take is to understand and tap into an important and underutilized source of strength -- the hispanic extended family .	extended	immediate	entire	ex	de	residual	nuclear	est	adoptive	inclusive	inclusive
) and recording an extended soundcheck on a little tape machine that may end up playing a big role on our next record .	extended	open	abbreviated	expanded	opening	elongated	end	opened	exclusive	exaggerated	enhanced
discussion top in this study , we have shown that recombinant gp120 increases the permeability of brain endothelium cultures to albumin , most likely by altering the cell morphology and inducing extended intercellular gaps that allow passage of macromolecules and probably facilitate cell transmigration across the bbb .	extended	long	stretched	expanded	longer	the	localized	new	enhanced	considerable	elongated
nuclear family this unit observes and assesses the effectiveness of childcare in the nuclear family home environment , looking at the childrens ' experience with their parents and extended family .	extended	their	the	immediate	wider	associated	expanded	close	entire	other	affiliated
at work : calling in sick , coming in late , leaving early , taking extended breaks , giving up your territory ( `` why do n't you let mary take over that assignment for you `` ) .	extended	long	short	longer	some	prolonged	out	occasional	lengthy	any	overnight
( grieve 1927a , 19 ) [ 9 ] this book therefore marked the beginning of what was to be an extended battle between macdiarmid , as well as the other celticist fundamentalists in the nps , and the conservative nationalists of the scottish party .	extended	open	abbreviated	expanded	arms	increased	elongated	enduring	enormous	exaggerated	immense
not surprisingly , ellison spends a considerable amount of time describing the results of his own extended fieldwork among efe hunter-gatherers and lese horticulturalists living in the rainforests of the democratic republic of congo .	extended	expanded	long	considerable	longer	limited	stretched	prolonged	substantial	abbreviated	widespread
extended warranties for desktop computers tend to be rip-offs , because you would usually pay an independent technician much less in repair costs over the same period that a typical extended warranty costs to provide repair cover .	extended	long	longer	expanded	limited	short	stretched	enhanced	increased	shortened	abbreviated
i 've always been kind of at loose ends whenever i 'm given an extended period of free time .	extended	increased	elongated	abbreviated	expanded	adequate	entire	expired	even	important	outstanding
i was taking a prescription medication over an extended length of time under the supervision of a physician who specializes in the management of pain .	extended	increased	abbreviated	effective	expanded	outstanding	exceptional	entire	exaggerated	elongated	excessive
this external communication could be with external trading partners or within the organization .	external	other	internal	outside	foreign	global	international	outer	new	interior	inside
that is , we can be glad so long as we do not believe in external authority ( for example , the testimony of others ) alone for our religious beliefs .	external	such	any	outside	foreign	an	internal	earthly	ecclesiastical	public	overwhelming
the external appearance of each type of extinguisher maybe different and each carries its own instructions for use .	external	internal	outside	outward	physical	outer	visual	interior	foreign	architectural	inorganic
external resources : assess external resources and the community 's institutional , political , technical , legal and fiscal capability to engage in hazard mitigation and response .	external	foreign	international	internal	outside	other	social	inward	global	overseas	offshore
q can you kindly advise if team roles change with different team members and external factors e.g . company setting , cultural context ?	external	other	personal	internal	outside	environmental	their	negative	foreign	such	monetary
external links to other internet sites should not be construed as an endorsement of the views or privacy policies contained therein .	external	the	such	their	internal	outside	these	visual	public	hard	exclusive
when careful measurements are taken of current flows in the generator and in the external circuit , evidence suggests that electric charges are appearing at the periphery of the generator and disappearing at the center of the generator that do not actually pass through the generator .	external	internal	other	outside	outer	inner	foreign	interior	outward	empty	inorganic
many spiritual traditions still eschew technological techniques in favor of more `` authentic `` ones ; so unassisted meditation is said to be better than use of mind machines , electronic biofeedback , or psychotropic chemicals , and the use of technology as a sign of attachment to `` worldly `` things or reliance on external crutches rather than `` self-realization .	external	internal	outside	foreign	western	clinical	outer	sexual	outward	inner	earthly
`` nothing came to our attention indicating evidence of influence or pressure from internal or external sources , `` he wrote .	external	outside	foreign	outer	internal	environmental	outward	western	negative	inorganic	outsider
the end of the cold war could not but sharply increase its international isolation and legitimacy deficit ; bartering its anti-communist credentials for external assistance was no longer a feasible option .	external	foreign	international	outside	such	economic	internal	overseas	global	mutual	export
the emancipation of women can only be completed when a fundamental transformation of living is effected ; and life-styles will change only with the fundamental transformation of all production and the establishment of a communist economy .	fundamental	complete	total	basic	critical	general	necessary	profound	vital	global	thorough
but as the approach moves into the commercial realm , especially the software business , it 's challenging fundamental notions about who owns ideas and how best to foster innovation .	fundamental	basic	essential	critical	constitutional	theoretical	structural	vital	profound	detrimental	damaging
the occasion is often a personal failure of fundamental understanding , where understanding transcends the grammar of associative consciousness .	fundamental	basic	essential	profound	general	critical	theoretical	inherent	primary	adequate	formal
first , he clearly distinguishes norms or values within the social network as having a fundamental impact on the development of social capital .	fundamental	critical	basic	profound	considerable	substantial	primary	necessary	vital	crucial	compelling
`` we 're trying to build things that work and to prove theorems about why they work.we 're trying to articulate the more fundamental concepts of the field . '' koditschek mentions alan turing , who in the early 20th century first envisioned machines capable of methodical , goal-directed computation .	fundamental	basic	essential	general	critical	vital	profound	elementary	radical	relevant	elemental
two of the fundamental limitations of northern eias are the lack of adequate ecological baseline data and the lack of an adequate framework or method to link ecological and social components of the environment .	fundamental	basic	essential	constitutional	critical	primary	inherent	structural	profound	specific	substantial
we generally do not permit transferral into the second year due to the unique nature of our course and fundamental skills that are learnt in the first year , but you are welcome to discuss your case with the admissions tutor .	fundamental	basic	essential	the	inherent	specific	necessary	intrinsic	profound	foundation	elementary
would you rather have made the camera that shot citizen kane , or make citizen kane ? '' silicon alley is unique , but the fundamental processes that have facilitated its emergence are not .	fundamental	basic	essential	critical	specific	vital	grassroots	structural	profound	inherent	groundbreaking
they will also support two fundamental instructional objectives .	fundamental	basic	new	specific	essential	general	global	elementary	foundation	profound	minimum
the training demands outlined above ; the needs of governors for trained , well-led , and appropriately organized forces to defend against terrorist threats ; and possible political pressures not to deploy some arng units during times of heightened terrorist threats will demand a fundamental reexamination of army organization .	fundamental	general	new	basic	global	necessary	profound	vital	total	considerable	comprehensive
to facilitate that involvement , the university will maintain appropriate processes within which students can communicate their views by formal and informal means , and can , directly or through their representatives , actively contribute to decisions affecting the university community .	informal	unofficial	formal	effective	casual	applied	institutional	abbreviated	everyday	plural	unconventional
this is one of the most important areas of informal employment and can take place in home-based , micro-enterprise-based or in factory-based locations .	informal	formal	rural	unofficial	everyday	casual	institutional	collective	such	unincorporated	grassroots
there are also quite a number of informal barriers .	informal	unofficial	formal	official	institutional	such	effective	electoral	impromptu	open	everyday
for instance , copls generally provide interface specifications ( formal or informal ) for classes by running a tool such as javadoc or eiffel 's ' short ' over the class definition , meaning that the poor person writing a class has to write to 4 different ' audiences ' at once : the compiler , people writing code that uses the class , people writing derived classes and people maintaining the class itself .	informal	unofficial	formal	abbreviated	plural	irregular	implicit	approximate	inclusive	unconventional	institutional
institutions can be informal or formal .	informal	unofficial	private	casual	plural	abbreviated	indirect	effective	rural	institutional	unconventional
things continued on an informal , personal basis , by phone , i [ remained ] close friends with two of them , but izzat al gazawi died last year .	informal	unofficial	official	abbreviated	impromptu	occasional	everyday	institutional	unincorporated	inclusive	accidental
schoolyard habitats - national wildlife federation - offers an array of resources and programs for formal and informal k-12 educators in a traditional classroom situation , nature center or other youth service facility .	informal	formal	unofficial	systematic	casual	effective	institutional	plural	unconventional	grassroots	impromptu
since kt is the established symbol for the kilotonne , kn is the best choice as a symbol for the knot . knot [ 2 ] an informal unit of distance equal to the nautical mile .	informal	unofficial	official	empirical	abbreviated	inclusive	effective	approximate	institutional	unincorporated	abbreviation
jeffs and smith suggest that informal educators are `` guided ... by their understanding of what makes for the good ; of what makes for human well being '' ( 1990 : 1 7-1 8 ) .	informal	formal	effective	an	unofficial	occasional	these	the	their	anglican	plural
key findings are available in the informal education archives : ; full report : `` institute of public policy research 2003 reprinted here with the kind permission of the institute of public policy research first placed in the archives : december 2003	informal	formal	public	empirical	unofficial	institutional	systematic	official	collective	abbreviated	grassroots
the investigators , all part of a team known as the antithrombotic trialists ' collaboration ( atc ) , looked at whether the antiplatelets cut patients ' risk of heart attack , stroke and death from a cardiovascular cause .	investigators	researchers	scientists	surgeons	experts	collaborators	architects	authorities	survivors	perpetrators	respondents
reilly says he lost interest in the phone tap after finding in the wastebasket a piece of carbon paper with the impression of 15 questions which otepka had allegedly typed out for senate investigators to ask reilly .	investigators	officials	researchers	authorities	efforts	prosecutors	inspectors	reporters	examinations	agents	detectives
`` [ new york times , 9/11/02 ] oct 5 , 2002 : congressional investigators say the fbi 's efforts to block their inquiry makes them skeptical of fbi assertions .	investigators	researchers	reports	reporters	authorities	findings	officials	prosecutors	experts	explorers	analyses
the key to good science in this field is always to keep the experiment totally under the control of the investigators and to use blind and double-blind testing procedures wherever possible .	investigators	researchers	authorities	scientists	experts	instructors	explorers	practitioners	collaborators	inspectors	contributors
leading international private detective and private investigator firm for all private investigations , we stand ready with any private detective or private investigator matter .	investigator	detective	security	insurance	agent	attorney	prosecutor	auditor	researcher	skeptical	interrogation
in addition , it is important for clinicians and investigators to account for any herbs or natural products being taken by their patients or research subjects that might interact with traditional treatments .	investigators	researchers	scholars	authorities	individuals	psychologists	prosecutors	surgeons	practitioners	collaborators	directors
american investigators had to be sent anywhere but holland .	investigators	troops	colonists	explorers	engineers	prosecutors	authorities	inspectors	detectives	tourists	indians
they suggest that investigators of new religious movements should look into adaptation in host communities as well as nrms , and that they pay special attention to the role of the mass media in this two-way process of adaptation .	investigators	members	residents	leaders	individuals	practitioners	proponents	architects	pioneers	prosecutors	adherents
the present , rejecting attitude restricts investigators to using simple tools , which are incapable of answering the questions skeptics demand be answered .	investigators	individuals	researchers	practitioners	people	scientists	explorers	psychologists	physicians	adherents	surgeons
there he was a section leader for inorganic chemistry and principal investigator on several research projects dealing with actinide coordination and organometallic chemistry , organometallic chemical vapor deposition , and technetium-99 chemistry .	investigator	researcher	author	scientist	agent	collaborator	director	scholar	player	analyst	antagonist
`` something will hopefully be done `` , to ensure that even if the mission were to close tomorrow , fm103 `` continues in some form or sort , to consolidate the peace process .	mission	school	church	ministry	message	station	cause	minister	case	situation	letter
`` what we 're seeing over time is the equivalent of mission creep : cases that would not be terrorism cases before sept. 11 are swept onto the terrorism docket , `` said juliette kayyem , a former clinton administration justice official who heads the national security program at harvard university 's john f. kennedy school of government .	mission	operation	ministry	code	message	agency	language	letter	flight	communication	embassy
and are we doing it in a way that keeps us competitive economically ? his question defined his passion , my stewardship and the mission of the environmental protection agency .	mission	work	operation	ministry	message	job	role	model	position	responsibility	motto
local churches reproduce themselves in their neighborhood and on the mission field .	mission	school	ministry	church	message	teaching	preaching	prayer	martyr	mercy	confession
`` 52 the method of al imam al shafi'i in his book , al risalah al imam al shafi'i began his book by describing the state of mankind just before the mission of the prophet .	mission	arrival	death	flight	execution	ministry	departure	message	proclamation	baptism	confrontation
there are many important and urgent responsibilities to attract the missionary 's attention on the mission field , e.g . adult literacy . social and developmental projects , educational and medical work .	mission	school	ministry	church	home	teaching	message	christian	mountain	academy	indian
e-mail to : methodius baptist union of great britain - archive of mission-related dissertations with a focus on baptist mission in the uk e-mail to : darrell jackson , mission adviser bethany christian services ( bcs ) - bcs is a non-profit organization with a mission to protect and enhance the lives of children and individuals through professional social services like int . and dom . adoption , counseling ( pregnancy+family ) foster care and a 1-800-bethany hotline .	mission	ministry	church	work	education	teaching	message	theology	movement	action	agency
nk : we are the children of the hippie generation and girl has been imbued with this mission from her mother from a very young age .	mission	message	love	letter	ministry	church	language	motto	cause	model	label
c. operational role of weu weu 's operational role will be strengthened by examining and defining appropriate missions , structures and means , covering in particular : weu planning cell ; closer military cooperation complementary to the alliance in particular in the fields of logistics , transport , training and strategic surveillance ; meetings of weu chiefs of defence staff ; military units answerable to weu .	missions	services	messages	techniques	languages	ministries	doctrines	models	maps	risks	letters
that said , the best foundations are focused on accomplishing programmatic missions .	missions	efforts	goals	communications	ministries	messages	principles	letters	solutions	techniques	minas
there is something just so profound about that .	profound	deep	fundamental	dramatic	powerful	comprehensive	reflective	potent	dynamic	crude	dire
segall and timiras discovered profound changes in neurotransmitter levels in the brains of their experimental animals , but were unable to explore the implications of these changes with regard to aging because their funding ran out .	profound	significant	considerable	substantial	startling	remarkable	disturbing	lasting	fundamental	drastic	damaging
the human genome project is going to be of profound significance for the pharmaceuticals and healthcare sectors , offering real hope in the treatment of conditions such as cystic fibrosis and cancer .	profound	considerable	lasting	deep	utmost	dire	startling	deepest	comparative	staggering	overwhelming
25 association , of course , does not establish causality -- but it raises the possibility that the profound and apparently deepening pessimism about personal circumstances widely reflected in an array of opinion polls and surveys is among the determinants underlying russia 's fearsome levels of cardiovascular death .	profound	deep	considerable	fundamental	deepest	lasting	potent	penetrating	depth	systemic	mosaic
if you hesitate , therefore , a moment , or if , after reflection , you produce any intricate or profound argument , you , in a manner , give up the question , and confess that it is not reasoning which engages us to suppose the past resembling the future , and to expect similar effects from causes which are , to appearance , similar .	profound	powerful	superficial	penetrating	deep	subtle	dense	personal	potent	damaging	detrimental
a fresh miracle , one with a profound political dimension and such spectacular possibilities was just what they had to be looking for . [ 8 ] lourdes ' mother superior is depicted as a jealous , resentful and ambitious woman who viewed the newly arrived order as a threat-a competitor for donations and novices .	profound	deep	powerful	deeper	rich	considerable	subtle	depth	penetrating	dire	thorough
you have surely given an exceptional argument which raises many profound questions concerning the foundations of artificial intelligence .	profound	deep	fundamental	considerable	substantial	disturbing	penetrating	deeper	damaging	depth	detrimental
return to contents natural selection and other mechanisms-such as chromosomal changes , symbiosis and hybridization-can drive profound changes in populations over time .	profound	significant	considerable	substantial	drastic	great	lasting	fundamental	damaging	startling	detrimental
gaining the confidence of local residents , for example , so that they will allow the students to enter and test their homes requires profound cultural understanding .	profound	considerable	deep	such	this	thorough	startling	deepest	lasting	breakthrough	manifest
but even willy 's conception of the past is not as idyllic as it seems on the surface , as his split consciousness , the profound rift in his psyche , shows through .	profound	deep	fundamental	deepest	considerable	total	depth	penetrating	dire	detrimental	utmost
`` what meeks did not mention is that guea bought the building from her church , victory apostolic faith church in chicago , where she and her father are prominent members , according to cook county property records and the church 's web site .	prominent	leading	famous	notable	strong	influential	active	popular	powerful	dominant	forefront
among the recipients were prominent journalists and producers , scions of the alternative press , and a smattering of current and former intelligence analysts who often serve as sources in news analyses and articles .	prominent	famous	leading	notable	influential	successful	powerful	active	outspoken	eminent	respected
update posted at 10:00 am -- permalink back in this post , i reported that the tropicana hotel in las vegas had stopped accepting reservations for after april 15 and that a prominent demolition company had told a reporter that it was studying how to blow up the place .	prominent	famous	leading	local	large	notable	powerful	respected	few	predominant	famed
`` evidence is easily found of multipolarity and china 's prominent role in promoting it .	prominent	leading	predominant	strong	active	powerful	central	dominant	primary	substantial	forefront
reeling from the effects of world war ii , prominent local businessmen led by the visionary archie jewell , purchased the building in 1943 and renovated it to become `` the international house `` , a newly-created non-profit trade association dedicated to world peace , trade and understanding .	prominent	notable	leading	famous	the	various	influential	successful	powerful	numerous	substantial
there were five references to crawford : three dealing with his present claims that he lied on behalf of the tobacco companies , one dealing with a property dispute , and another , which identified him as a prominent criminal lawyer , who had been involved in 33 capital cases .	prominent	famous	notable	leading	powerful	strong	successful	distinguished	respected	famed	prestigious
expansion of markets , improvement of profit potential , and reduction of cost factors join the enhancement of competitive position as prominent forces moving organizations toward globalization .	prominent	leading	strong	powerful	notable	predominant	substantial	dominant	active	positive	forefront
i have argued in my previous article for pdf that `` [ f ] or armstrong williams-like bloggers actually paid by campaigns or other political committees to promote or attack a candidate for federal office , prominent and on-the-spot disclosure should be mandated . '' a disclosure on a campaign 's website in a quarterly report after the election deprives voters of valuable information about the possible motivations for an analysis or commentary appearing on a website .	prominent	popular	famous	powerful	leading	credible	notable	substantial	controversial	eminent	damaging
this pattern of bad journalism is a prominent feature of every pro-hoax text and video .	prominent	common	notable	famous	popular	large	frequent	predominant	leading	powerful	dominant
apple vs. microsoft my altavista survey results revealed that `` gates hate `` is more prominent among mac fans than with other groups -- providing a rationale for starting with apple in our examination of the various conflicts listed above .	prominent	common	popular	notable	prevalent	powerful	dominant	commonly	substantial	predominant	strongly
in short , he may be rendered insane upon every subject which is not founded on , and which does not remain in never-varying consistency with , the facts that surround mankind .	rendered	made	considered	declared	deemed	turned	constituted	formed	termed	stricken	readily
a shared interest in prosperity has not been enough to render benign alienage and the political erasures of borders .	render	transform	make	provide	form	obtain	yield	convey	grant	constitute	afford
it is , therefore , without any substance to urge that the services under the scheme are rendered free of charge and , therefore , the scheme is not a `` service `` under the act .	rendered	made	provided	given	produced	performed	turned	sent	truly	declared	shown
posted by : robrob at june 23 , 2005 02:04 am where will the greed of corporations intent on rendering skilled american workers obsolete end ?	rendering	making	giving	producing	creating	turning	converting	selling	yielding	becoming	weakening
in general , the speech stylesheet will not attempt to specify the mapping between visual layout tags and speech properties , instead leaving it to specific browser implementations and user-specific stylesheets to decide how such tags are rendered .	rendered	displayed	represented	produced	used	made	created	shown	portrayed	presented	generated
you produce the content , and my browser decides -- along with some input from me -- how to render the content .	render	make	provide	use	convey	display	get	form	export	reproduce	portray
in particular , provision of an alternative route for cyclists should never be regarded as an excuse for rendering the original road or junction unsuitable for cyclists .	rendering	making	leaving	converting	transforming	producing	forming	affecting	declaring	causing	turning
although technological advancements make it possible to ship products from one side of the world to the other within a few days , abuse of a good-quality food before , during or after transportation and storage may render it spoiled or unsafe by the time it reaches the consumer .	render	make	yield	form	leave	become	get	declare	transform	cause	guarantee
`` this renders necessary a brief review of the position occupied by the administration on this important and vital question .	renders	makes	is	becomes	made	making	proves	feels	make	brings	marks
schon ( 1983,1987 ) has noted that `` practice is characterized by indeterminacy , and what distinguishes the excellent practitioner from the merely adequate one is the ability to render indeterminate situations determinate .	render	make	form	provide	obtain	yield	afford	declare	convey	display	reproduce
( missing last minute ) ( gsn/wo/c/a+/133 ) biography bob barker ( a+ ) mark goodson ( a+ ) deal a very interesting and intimate behind-the scenes look at `` let 's make a deal `` , one of the most popular game shows of all time .	scenes	lines	movies	cameras	headlines	audiences	channels	exits	crowds	careers	posters
hence becoming the scene of more than one major battle between the olde enemy england .	scene	site	location	home	venue	city	host	seat	setting	emergence	ro
framed by the remains of a smoking , burning doorway and silhouetted against the light , ethan squats and surveys the butchered dead , and his head drops as he imagines the torture that three family members suffered , including martha 's rape . [ a similar scene of luke skywalker 's discovery of his aunt and uncle 's burning home after their murder by imperial stormtroopers is found in george lucas ' star wars ( 1977 ) .	scene	image	account	narrative	depiction	illustration	film	sequence	portrayal	fragment	clip
`` it does n't come into play unless you 're actually at a scene or taking action photographs , but digital cameras do not have a shutter speed fast enough to photograph action , '' says pasqualone .	scene	movie	film	site	moment	location	situation	camera	job	soundtrack	template
every scene seems totally natural like it could have really happened , and yet the movie is not a dull slice-of-life diorama either .	scene	moment	shot	sequence	film	situation	character	event	movie	page	session
undoubtedly a mainstay of the texas music scene , one of lloyd 's best known credits is his daughter , natalie maines , the lead singer for the grammy award winning dixie chicks .	scene	community	market	industry	circuit	genre	landscape	world	environment	chart	marketplace
on the plus side , the immediate mode offers the possibility of exploring dynamic scenes .	scenes	moments	situations	sequences	sites	movies	performances	genres	sentiments	views	clips
both times we have a cajus who goes out to walk ; both times a carriage full of people , who both times sing and shout ; both times cajus meets with the carnage ; both times a family is mentioned ; both times an aged woman figures in the scene ; both times the hand is kissed .	scene	film	narrative	frame	painting	sequence	carnage	storyline	massacre	matrix	spectrum
`` reverse : whaling scene with two boats , one being stove by a whale ; ship in background , labeled `` 18 jan 1851 / the accident off new zealand .	scene	action	situation	event	date	deck	sequence	session	confrontation	thriller	forecast
if we do not take a lead on the national scene , our fate will be in the hands of others -- others who are not likely to share our mission or concerns .	scene	floor	landscape	spectrum	timeline	grid	page	atmosphere	scale	matrix	trajectory
3 [ 432 u.s. 312 , 332 ] i suspect that the only justification for the court 's decision today is its belief that the statute is unfair in its application .	suspect	believe	think	know	find	suppose	feel	confess	consider	fear	conjecture
it is doubtful that many viewers who witness the process and effects of such nefarious and insidious `` mind control `` in their entertainment , ever suspect that they themselves are the victims of similar programs of influence and plots of intrigue in real life .	suspect	think	know	believe	consider	find	confess	feel	suggest	suppose	detect
this variable degree of symptoms can make the diagnosis of an oxidative metabolic disorder more difficult to recognize , but should be highly suspected when myopathy and encephalopathy are present together .	suspected	considered	diagnosed	encouraged	discouraged	supported	accused	tolerated	presumed	praised	appreciated
if you suspect something is out of the ordinary then its time to call the police and either pass on the information or request to see an officer if necessary .	suspect	think	believe	know	find	feel	assume	consider	sense	discover	detect
i suspect that all the other committees will have an away day and that all of those will have a european element .	suspect	think	believe	know	suppose	consider	expect	feel	imagine	predict	conjecture
suspected of conspiracy , securities fraud and obstruction of justice , stewart is ultimately indicted , found guilty of all charges and sentenced to five months in prison followed by five months of house arrest .	suspected	accused	convinced	thought	because	guilty	convicted	considered	fearful	rumors	shy
here 's a cross-section : -- wizbang 's kevin alyward : '' i remain skeptical of the argument the schindler 's lawyers have put forth ( they claimed that terri schiavo 's religious and due process rights have been violated ) in their federal case , and suspect the supreme court may decided not to hear the case .	suspect	think	believe	that	suppose	fear	expect	suggest	feel	consider	accuse
either way , it appears that the spdc commander suspects that the rice has gone to the knla .	suspects	thinks	believes	finds	feels	realizes	sees	suggests	assumes	discovers	considers
i suspect i will be able to nitpick all counterarguments .	suspect	believe	think	know	doubt	hope	fear	assume	expect	predict	confess
plaintiff presents , as an example of `` government spying , `` an incident in which another person is suspected , without factual basis , of being an infiltrator : on october 10 , 2001 , seattle central community college freedom socialists club held a form entitled `` a speakout against war .	suspected	accused	thought	considered	convinced	suggested	convicted	found	presumed	diagnosed	capable
spaghettini with mullet roe and grated vegetables , and penne with sundried tomatoes and basil were both full of flavour and pleasantly light , which was lucky as i was almost defeated by an exceptionally tender and tasty lamb shank to follow .	tender	soft	brave	young	delicate	gentle	kind	mature	tough	patient	yielding
women usually notice little change in their breasts , but if you are a man , your breasts may become slightly larger and may be tender .	tender	soft	delicate	heavy	softer	gentle	romantic	fragile	compassionate	therapeutic	weathered
`` i can be very , very strong , but on the other hand , i have very tender sentiments .	tender	soft	delicate	gentle	vulnerable	heavy	fragile	sentimental	precious	sensitive	critical
rabbits often feed on young , tender perennial growth as it emerges in spring , or on young transplants .	tender	soft	juicy	fragile	hardy	vulnerable	pink	susceptible	yielding	tolerant	brittle
the grilled octopus was very tender .	tender	sweet	soft	delicate	juicy	kind	fragile	young	mature	firm	robust
cook the rice , covered , over boiling water for about 30 minutes , or until the grains are tender .	tender	soft	young	mature	firm	pink	raw	vulnerable	fragile	weathered	fertile
they feed at that period on the opening buds of maples , and others that are equally tender and juicy .	tender	soft	heavy	dry	young	delicate	mature	hardy	yielding	susceptible	fertile
anne bradstreet 's poetry is so tender and poignant , cotton mather 's preaching is both ornery and passionate , richard baxter 's reformed pastor is one of the classics , and jonathan edwards , is , well , jonathan edwards ( if you consider him a puritan , not everyone does. ) oh , by the way , great article about puritans here .	tender	soft	gentle	delicate	mature	brave	dry	vulnerable	meek	compassionate	humane
i fancy you would , perhaps , like the rule of the russians , who are very great friends of india and of mahomedans , and under whom the hindus will live in great comfort , and who will protect with the tenderest care the wealth and property which they have acquired under english rule ?	tenderest	greatest	utmost	best	deepest	most	finest	slightest	highest	least	biggest
after breaking though into the first team at the tenderest of ages , the youngster received his full international call up shortly afterwards .	tenderest	youngest	end	oldest	age	smallest	beginning	signs	earliest	newest	onset
yes , this had happened : the pirates to windward and the pirates to leeward of the agra had found out , at one and the same moment , that the merchant captain they had lashed , and bullied , and tortured was a patient but tremendous man .	tremendous	considerable	immense	brave	enormous	massive	precious	mighty	vital	substantial	extraordinary
these occurrences are never reported to the general public because they would cause a tremendous backlash against the present system .	tremendous	considerable	massive	great	substantial	powerful	large	vast	dear	greatest	devastating
`` it does not foster the tremendous sense of accomplishment that a child receives when another person can read his writing , `` she said .	tremendous	immense	considerable	greatest	great	profound	overwhelming	enormous	startling	incredible	thrilling
-- posted by jess on august 12 , 2003 12:23 pm i think this idea has tremendous promise .	tremendous	immense	enormous	considerable	great	incredible	overwhelming	dear	staggering	startling	vital
over the last several decades , both the town and county have seen tremendous growth .	tremendous	considerable	rapid	massive	significant	remarkable	enormous	immense	substantial	incredible	unprecedented
organizational re-design we have seen the need in our transformation efforts to re-design some of our military organizations to harness the tremendous power of new technologies and exploit the synergy of joint forces .	tremendous	immense	considerable	incredible	vital	devastating	impressive	overwhelming	staggering	breakthrough	valor
listen to the kangaroo , to her low moans and sighs , she 's just so upset about her tremendous thighs .	tremendous	considerable	large	immense	heavy	diminished	damaging	profound	dear	overwhelming	expansive
the tremendous mobilization of resources made the allied victory possible .	tremendous	enormous	immense	massive	considerable	greatest	vast	huge	powerful	overwhelming	devastating
at the september groundbreaking for the new academic building at george mason university , larry czarda , vice president for operations , prince william campus said : the surge of economic development in the manassas/prince william county area offers tremendous opportunities for growth and programming at the prince william campus as well as the potential for forging academic and research partnerships with our corporate neighbors .	tremendous	considerable	great	enormous	immense	substantial	startling	staggering	incredible	vital	impressive
there 's a tremendous amount of information on the kitimat pipeline .	tremendous	considerable	vast	huge	great	large	substantial	significant	staggering	startling	vital
a first negative social effect of retrenchment programmes is the redistribution of incentives given for voluntary retirement ; these tend to attract the most skilled employees who have the best chances for advancement in the private sector but who are vital to the successful implementation of the reform .	vital	critical	crucial	essential	important	fundamental	central	integral	pivotal	sacrificed	detrimental
4. ) bone is being reabsorbed from the skeleton in order to keep the vital blood level of calcium normal .	vital	essential	basic	critical	total	normal	fundamental	arterial	blood	external	clinical
it says that it has been inundated by correspondence from clubs that risk losing vital income that helps to keep their organisations alive .	vital	the	their	an	critical	crucial	only	any	essential	spiritual	dear
( see resources. ) consulting them is a vital piece of the selection process as you 'll get a good idea of what 's appropriate or historic for your area .	vital	critical	crucial	precious	basic	essential	valuable	fundamental	relevant	dear	dynamic
information technology keeping out the wrong people tightened visa rules are slowing the vital flow of professionals into the u.s. like a forlorn estragon from samuel beckett 's waiting for godot , zubair malik has been waiting .	vital	critical	crucial	important	essential	dramatic	precious	spiritual	volatile	vibrant	clinical
if anything , the mission understates its own vital role in order to keep the focus on local churches and their missionaries , but those of us who are served so well by gfa can testify that we would not be anywhere near as effective without these skilled , dedicated yoke-fellows in the lord 's work .	vital	important	essential	critical	central	crucial	dynamic	precious	basic	sacred	vibrant
replacing mideast oil is vital , but not by substituting equally or more vulnerable domestic sources .	vital	important	crucial	necessary	essential	critical	sufficient	dangerous	imperative	relevant	risky
protest is vital , but small , incessant protests are impotent . *** what do you do when the message wo n't get through ?	vital	essential	important	critical	strong	crucial	fundamental	relevant	dear	considerable	profound
hearing aid wearers were provided access to the telephone system because congress recognized the vital nature of the phone system and the importance of everyone , including people with hearing loss , being able to access it .	vital	critical	essential	important	crucial	basic	dynamic	precious	constitutional	dear	sacred
`` troops continue to work to provide vital infrastructure throughout iraq .	vital	critical	essential	basic	crucial	this	important	relevant	constitutional	spiritual	vibrant
china , india , latin america and the rest of asia will help grow worldwide demand for electric power by 59 percent over the next two decades . '' the hydrogen economy is based on the idea that fuel cells that run on hydrogen have the potential to replace current energy systems in all forms , from vehicle propulsion to stationary power generation to mobile phone batteries .	worldwide	global	international	the	national	nationwide	local	this	globally	nations	widespread
this has been , at times , merely an effort to gain greater public renown for their group or cause , but more troubling have been the groups seeking to push forward al-qaida 's agenda of worldwide terror .	worldwide	global	international	national	nationwide	widespread	universal	localized	grassroots	lifetime	homeland
this is where the information revolution is happening -- and our share of these voices is smaller and smaller -- so america must find way to reach and engage a wider , younger , more diverse worldwide audience .	worldwide	global	international	nationwide	female	wide	lifetime	web	www	globally	globalization
that same thing could happen if we had a manhattan type project focusing on renewables , potential worldwide markets , if we are the leader , and we have every reason to be the leader because we have the biggest problem .	worldwide	global	international	foreign	nationwide	overseas	lifetime	globally	homeland	globalization	#
at the time of writing , the anti-semitic policies of the soviet union are also a subject of worldwide protest .	worldwide	global	international	widespread	national	nationwide	considerable	globally	grassroots	wide	critical
he suggested building an experimental hypertext ' web ' for the worldwide community of physicists who used cern and its publications .	worldwide	global	international	widespread	wide	national	entire	nationwide	vast	wider	lifetime
furthermore , non-residents can apply to be treated like a resident if his/her income from german sources is either at least 90 percent of his/her worldwide income or his/her non-german source income is less than dm12,000 ( 24,000 for married couples ) .	worldwide	global	total	lifetime	overall	nationwide	online	traveling	statewide	localized	1938
after adding the separate partnerships of jlw ireland and jlw scotland , the combined total of our european and north american businesses represented approximately 75 % of worldwide revenue in 1998 , up from approximately 63 % in 1997 .	worldwide	global	us	international	its	our	overseas	net	the	retail	overall
osis also provides its users with direct , yet protected , access to the internet and its broad range of worldwide open source information resources .	worldwide	global	international	nationwide	globally	online	internationally	widespread	grassroots	multinational	lifetime
like maypoles , wreaths too , as she points out , figure in may day as well as summer solstice celebrations . http : //www.schooloftheseasons.com/signssummer.html [ link updated 5/20/02 ] [ added 26 may 2000 ] : this fun page collects worldwide insights from people who write to waverly and comment on how summer begins for them .	worldwide	global	international	these	such	some	widespread	grassroots	few	nationwide	wide
may 13 , 2002 - dunn 's execution , scheduled for may 14th , was stayed by the fifth circuit pending resolution of the appeal .	execution	trial	admission	action	abortion	ordination	imprisonment	assassination	asylum	indictment	outrage
no . 19504 regents action date : december 20 , 2001 action : application for consent order granted ; penalty agreed upon : 2 year suspension , execution of suspension stayed , probation 2 years , $ 5,000 fine .	execution	death	implementation	application	action	admission	interpretation	abandonment	asylum	ambiguity	anarchy
more broadly , it provides context for the question of what immediate executions are worth to investors .	executions	exports	performances	outcomes	decisions	elections	actions	issues	outputs	impacts	indicators
especially in a legislature such as the english , in which the responsibility for the execution of the laws is and must be felt .	execution	implementation	enforcement	application	performance	interpretation	enactment	prosecution	outcome	fulfillment	adherence
found is set this way when the for loop exits ; inside the execution of the loop , found is not modified by the for statement , although it may be changed by the execution of other statements within the loop body .	execution	implementation	output	end	environment	application	architecture	outcome	integration	inception	duration
of course , this approach requires good execution including strong encryption and authentication , and secure key management .	execution	performance	implementation	practice	security	planning	infrastructure	architecture	implementations	quality	outcomes
but a new survey shows that the execution of ms. tucker and the resulting debate led some residents of the lone star state to have second thoughts about capital punishment .	execution	death	murder	assassination	arrest	imprisonment	killing	prosecution	hanging	abortion	outrage
i understand that the presence of those individuals that came to the congress to testify about the years they had spent awaiting execution before having being declared innocent was particularly moving and valuable .	execution	death	trial	destruction	arrest	imprisonment	deportation	assassination	abortion	asylum	admission
the most poignant part of the book is when we learn of raw 's loss of his 15-year old daughter to a murderer and how he dealt with the pain and grief ( it was not , incidentally , by calling the murderer names and demanding his execution ) .	execution	death	arrest	punishment	departure	confession	blood	imprisonment	escape	suicide	baptism
although i told you after the program how pleased i was and how successful i felt everything went , what i did n't tell you after the program was this : on a scale of 1 to 10 , your execution was also a '' 10 !	execution	performance	interpretation	output	implementation	impact	admission	application	example	evaluation	outlook
happiness is a by-product of function .	function	form	health	behavior	physiology	structure	definition	disease	medicine	regulation	maintenance
4 how can one generate the probability density function of an erlang distribution using stella ?	function	form	parameter	matrix	curve	distribution	state	mapping	pdf	ball	f
these functions also use scheduling priority to decide which thread gets to execute when there is contention .	functions	features	services	mechanisms	methods	models	forms	utilities	symptoms	numbers	variables
functions of the presidency one way of bringing focus to the presidency is to determine what the functions of the position should be .	functions	offices	works	powers	activities	departments	matters	missions	ministries	finances	petitions
the orientation of unionids in rivers as a function of the hydrological variability .	function	form	result	condition	measure	loss	consequence	characteristic	part	variation	reflection
because of the obvious incapacity of these bourgeois classes to fulfill the normal economic function of a bourgeoisie , each of them faces a subversion based on the bureaucratic model , more or less adapted to local peculiarities , and eager to seize the heritage of this bourgeoisie .	function	role	task	activity	mission	status	definition	characteristic	behavior	requirements	concern
the composition , structure , function and distribution of populations and the biology of population communities ( producers , consumers , and decomposers ) , ecosystems , nutrient cycles , energy flow , bio-geographical cycles , human impact on environment will be covered .	function	form	behavior	structure	role	shape	status	strength	number	health	physiology
however , their arguments are identical in function to the creationists ' arguments : rather than provide positive evidence for their own position , they mainly try to find weaknesses in natural selection .	function	form	nature	structure	strength	substance	concept	fact	number	practice	question
its main function is to act as a bridge between your hi-fi and computer , so that you can stream music from one to the other .	function	purpose	role	feature	effect	task	mission	characteristic	job	goal	benefit
where most experiments show only `` shadows `` of the wave function in the form of measurement outcomes , konrad was able to go one step further , designing and implementing a measurement scheme that is sensitive enough to reveal the complete function .	function	form	structure	process	loss	mechanism	behavior	phenomenon	theory	equation	problem
