in march 1992 , linux version 0.95 was the first to be capable of running x . this large version number jump was due to a feeling that a version 1.0 with no major missing pieces was imminent .	pieces	parts	components	bits	features	elements	sections	portions	chunks	tiles	chips
much of the water carried by these streams is diverted .	diverted	shifted	routed	derived	generated	reclaimed	evacuated	regulated	skimmed	sourced	influenced
harry also becomes the worthy possessor of the remaining deathly hallows : the invisibility cloak and the resurrection stone , hence becoming the true master of death .	possessor	owner	host	heir	master	successor	recipient	proprietor	holder	receiver	owners
escapologists escape from handcuffs , straitjackets , cages , coffins , steel boxes , barrels , bags , burning buildings , fish-tanks and other perils , often in combination .	perils	hazards	dangers	parts	structures	types	forms	precautions	disasters	themes	distress
the storm continued , crossing the outer banks of north carolina , and retained its strength until june 20 when it became extratropical near newfoundland .	retained	maintained	held	kept	remained	preserved	maintain	sustained	maintaining	maintains	conserved
the convent has been the official residence of the governor of gibraltar since 1728 .	residence	home	house	seat	mansion	dwelling	housing	household	headquarters	possession	domain
food is procured with its suckers and then crushed using its tough `` beak '' of chitin .	procured	obtained	picked	secured	acquired	plucked	prepared	purchased	selected	harvested	cultivated
the united states convened a 13-nation conference of the international opium commission in 1909 in shanghai , china in response to increasing criticism of the opium trade .	convened	summoned	held	hosted	assembled	formed	gathered	formulated	instituted	mandated	reorganized
photosynthesis is vital for life on earth .	vital	essential	important	crucial	critical	fundamental	valuable	relevant	substantial	distinctive	lethal
dodd simply retained his athletic director position , which he had acquired in 1950 .	acquired	obtained	gained	purchased	earned	inherited	secured	attained	bought	established	accumulated
radiometric dating is a technique used to date materials , usually based on a comparison between the observed abundance of a naturally occurring radioactive isotope and its decay products , using known decay rates .	abundance	concentration	quantity	amount	prevalence	quantities	occurrence	concentrations	excess	population	isotope
bacterial contaminants are ubiquitous , and foods left unused too long will often acquire substantial amounts of bacterial colonies and become dangerous to eat , leading to food poisoning .	substantial	large	significant	sizable	considerable	massive	extensive	vast	sufficient	greater	bulk
tibooburra has an arid , desert climate with temperatures soaring above 40 celsius in summer , often reaching as high as 47 c .	arid	extreme	dry	isolated	old	alternative	open	harsh	agricultural	exotic	active
hanna meandered around the southeastern bahamas , weakening to a tropical storm while also dumping heavy rain on already-devastated haiti .	meandered	moved	drifted	wandered	curved	turned	travelled	traveled	continued	circled	twisted
with the high gulf pressures - a ship reported a pressure of 1015.5 millibars less than 60 m from the storm center at the time it was upgraded to a tropical storm - alicia was unable to gain size , staying very small , but generated faster winds , and became a category 1 hurricane on august 16	generated	produced	had	got	created	reached	provided	producing	gave	obtained	caused
das rheingold is the first of the four operas that comprise der ring des nibelungen , by richard wagner .	comprise	constitute	form	formed	contain	are	forms	constitutes	represent	contains	encompasses
a frenulum is a small fold of tissue that secures or restricts the motion of a mobile organ in the body .	secures	holds	maintains	ensures	facilitates	binds	prevents	establishes	guarantees	regulates	captures
helen hunt has been recognized extensively in her career . in 1998 she become the second actress to win a golden globe award , an academy award and an emmy award in the same year .	career	life	work	profession	lifetime	history	industry	success	year	performance	comeback
when wotan refuses to abandon his `` free hero '' , fricka lays bare his self-deception : siegmund is in no sense independent since his fate has been pre-ordained by wotan , who has even indirectly led him to find the magic sword .	refuses	decides	chooses	agrees	threatens	declines	insists	begins	continues	appears	prefers
the storm never approached land during its lifespan , and no damage or casualties were reported .	casualties	losses	injuries	deaths	fatalities	survivors	incidents	ratings	indicators	disturbances	memorials
the purpose of public speaking can range from simply transmitting information , to motivating people to act , to simply telling a story .	transmitting	communicating	providing	sending	receiving	broadcasting	distributing	delivering	presenting	conducting	possessing
published by tor books , it was released on august 15 , 1994 in hardcover , and in paperback on july 15 , 1997 .	released	published	issued	opened	launched	sold	found	distributed	appeared	first	titled
in many circumstances , these investments can be less expensive than fossil fuel energy systems .	circumstances	situations	cases	conditions	occasions	instances	contexts	environments	scenarios	combinations	digits
following the death of schidlof from a heart attack in 1987 , the amadeus quartet disbanded .	disbanded	formed	reformed	reunited	reorganized	ceased	relocated	contracted	faltered	halted	commenced
by 1960 he had developed the short story into a screenplay , and envisaged it as containing a suitable role for monroe .	envisaged	regarded	considered	identified	intended	imagined	recognised	developed	saw	interpreted	anticipated
with poor sales of the a340-200 , airbus decided to use the fuselage of the a340-200 with the wings and engines of the a330-300 .	fuselage	body	layout	aircraft	chassis	plane	structure	cockpit	backbone	fabric	shape
the last event was held on june 11 , 2000 , not to be held again due to the acquisition of wcw by world wrestling federation .	acquisition	purchase	absorption	takeover	ownership	merger	unification	administration	amalgamation	consolidation	activation
kowal suggested the name and the iau endorsed it in 1975 .	endorsed	approved	adopted	sanctioned	sponsored	supported	ratified	affiliated	embraced	upheld	accredited
dry air wrapping around the southern periphery of the cyclone eroded most of the deep convection by early on september 12 .	periphery	edge	fringe	rim	edges	outskirts	apex	nucleus	quadrant	margins	curvature
brief additional internal links are generally tolerated when used to facilitate communication or to provide general information , but undesirable if seen as canvassing for some purpose .	tolerated	permitted	recognized	acceptable	encouraged	recognised	allowed	welcomed	safe	desirable	preserved
alfonso drops the marriage contract in front of the officers , and , when they read it , they become enraged .	enraged	angry	angered	outraged	agitated	furious	upset	unhappy	alarmed	aggravated	impatient
the overland expedition , also called the overland relief expedition or point barrow-overland relief expedition , was an expedition in the winter of 1897-1898 by officers of the united states revenue cutter service to save the lives of 265 whalers trapped in the arctic ocean by ice around their ships near point barrow , alaska .	expedition	mission	operation	campaign	effort	enterprise	excursion	undertaking	attempt	initiative	endeavor
located on the river pedieos and situated almost in the center of the island , it is the seat of government as well as the main business center .	situated	located	placed	positioned	concentrated	centred	practically	nowadays	established	erected	found
iero thought that it would be difficult to promote the album himself , if released through his own label , with his current obligations to my chemical romance and the other bands signed to his label .	obligations	commitments	responsibilities	duties	commitment	ties	debts	relations	allegiance	contracts	requirements
it has now been determined that europa is a prograde rotator , but the exact direction in which its pole points remains ambiguous .	ambiguous	unclear	uncertain	vague	unknown	obscure	unspecified	elusive	unchanged	binary	anonymous
the bishops ceded the oversticht to the emperor charles v in 1528 , who styled himself `` lord of overijssel '' , thereby giving the province its modern name .	ceded	surrendered	transferred	relinquished	granted	donated	pledged	leased	bequeathed	allotted	subdued
many parts of odessa were damaged during its siege and recapture on 10 april 1944 , when the city was finally liberated by the red army .	siege	blockade	battle	besieged	bombardment	capture	garrison	conquest	campaign	combat	occupation
the city was first founded by the british in 1827 , who leased the island from spain during the colonial period .	leased	occupied	took	rented	ruled	received	obtained	contracted	licensed	ceded	borrowed
in reference to the landscape , bush describes a wooded area , intermediate between a shrubland and a forest , generally of dry and nitrogen-poor soil , mostly grassless , thin to thick woody shrubs and bushes , under a sparse canapy of eucalypts .	sparse	dense	thick	scattered	thin	scarce	loose	faint	distinctive	densely	marginal
the theory of incentive compatibility that hurwicz developed changed the way many economists thought about outcomes , explaining why centrally planned economies may fail and how incentives for individuals make a difference in decision making .	incentives	rewards	opportunities	outcomes	profits	choices	punishments	unions	alternatives	protections	inputs
the axe , or ax , is an implement that has been used for millennia to shape , split and cut wood , harvest timber , as a weapon and a ceremonial or heraldic symbol . the axe has many forms and specialized uses but generally consists of an axe head with a handle , or helve .	implement	axe	instrument	object	expression	equipment	item	ax	tool	article	artifact
but critics note that francis galton did not advocate coercion when he defined the principles of eugenics .	advocate	promote	propose	support	encourage	represent	imply	embrace	oppose	recommend	affiliate
after its sale in 1998 , it merged into festival mushroom records .	merged	integrated	amalgamated	combined	consolidated	changed	grouped	reorganized	unified	linked	combines
cobra and tango and cash did solid business domestically but overseas they did blockbuster business grossing over $ 100 million in foreign markets and over $ 160 million worldwide .	grossing	earning	netting	scoring	totaling	generating	investing	and	peaking	logging	purchasing
triangles can also be classified according to their internal angles , measured here in degrees .	classified	grouped	subdivided	categorized	described	divided	distinguished	identified	differentiated	graded	sorted
later describing the experience as a `` nightmare , '' she was able to phone joe dimaggio from the clinic , who immediately traveled from florida to new york to facilitate her transfer to the columbia presbyterian medical center , where she remained for three weeks .	facilitate	coordinate	permit	accommodate	initiate	oversee	perform	supervise	prompt	guide	administer
the pennines constitute the main watershed in northern england , dividing the eastern and western parts of the country .	constitute	are	form	comprise	represent	is	comprises	compose	occupy	possess	represents
they locate food by smell , using sensors in the tip of their snout , and regularly feast on ants and termites .	snout	nose	noses	beak	tail	tails	nostrils	heads	muzzle	skull	lance
at present it is formed by the aa , which descends from the rigi and enters the southern extremity of the lake .	extremity	end	part	arm	half	portion	edge	shore	section	tip	region
specialized english operates in the civil society sector , and the developers aspire to make programs for a variety of public service purposes , subject to resources being available .	aspire	aim	strive	tend	seek	attempt	undertake	claim	endeavour	afford	endeavor
in this case , a relatively large kernel with sophisticated capabilities is adapted to suit an embedded environment .	sophisticated	complex	advanced	modern	diverse	elaborate	diversified	integrated	numerous	customized	superficial
this period spanned the years from 1278 through 1288 .	spanned	encompassed	encompasses	covered	across	embraced	reached	encompassing	grouped	monitored	clinched
realising that the gang could not elude the police forever , moondyne joe formulated a plan to escape the colony by traveling overland to the colony of south australia .	elude	escape	evade	avoid	face	dodge	flee	pursue	survive	leave	bypass
southeastern oklahoma , also known by its official tourism designation , kiamichi country , encompasses the southeastern quarter of the state of oklahoma .	encompasses	comprises	contains	represents	occupies	constitutes	incorporates	spans	is	preserves	surrounds
the a-train family comprises trains for both commuter services and limited express services .	comprises	includes	contains	encompasses	consists	employs	bundles	concerns	incorporates	constitutes	occupies
in dna , adenine binds to thymine via two hydrogen bonds to assist in stabilizing the nucleic acid structures .	binds	connects	bound	joins	belongs	bonds	forms	corresponds	coordinates	engages	captures
in 2001 , unesco inscribed the 2,750-year-old city on the world heritage list as samarkand - crossroads of cultures .	inscribed	listed	designated	identified	declared	entered	incorporated	engraved	stamped	proclaimed	integrated
radames affirms that aida is the person he will marry , and aida convinces him to flee to the desert with her .	affirms	declares	knows	believes	says	agrees	states	confirms	insists	asserts	concludes
like many bolshevik artists , eisenstein envisioned a new society which would subsidize artists totally , freeing them from the confines of bosses and budgets , leaving them absolutely free to create , but budgets and producers were as significant to the soviet film industry as the rest of the world .	envisioned	imagined	dreamed	depicted	anticipated	contemplated	proclaimed	predicted	advocated	desired	inaugurated
forming in the western caribbean sea during the first week of november , hurricane gordon became the twelfth tropical depression , the seventh named tropical storm , and the third hurricane of the 1994 atlantic hurricane season . an erratic , long-lived system which remained a tropical storm for most of its existence , it followed a winding path through the western caribbean and into florida before strengthening into a category 1 hurricane and threatening north carolina .	erratic	unusual	intense	irregular	eccentric	unpredictable	unstable	active	intermittent	intermediate	uncertain
the latter means basic or radical change ; whereas reform may be no more than fine tuning , or at most redressing serious wrongs without altering the fundamentals of the system .	altering	changing	affecting	modifying	violating	disturbing	shifting	abandoning	manipulating	adjusting	injuring
the kyoto protocol was adopted at the third session of the conference of parties to the unfccc in 1997 in kyoto , japan .	adopted	established	enacted	chosen	ratified	negotiated	endorsed	elected	issued	drafted	convened
from 1885 to 1901 , locomotives stopped at young tank to replenish their water .	replenish	conserve	store	fill	supply	maintain	get	feed	receive	rescue	buffer
stone floor tiles tend to be heavier than ceramic tiles and somewhat more prone to breakage during shipment .	prone	susceptible	likely	frequent	vulnerable	liable	favorable	costly	tolerant	robust	hazardous
to enjoy qin songs , one must learn to become accustomed to the eccentric style some players may sing their songs to , like in the case of zha fuxi .	eccentric	unusual	unconventional	musical	eclectic	informal	irregular	bizarre	different	uncommon	erratic
a voluntary association or union is a group of individuals who voluntarily enter into an agreement to form a body to accomplish a purpose .	accomplish	achieve	serve	fulfill	pursue	attain	meet	realize	implement	satisfy	possess
it is the teaching that , as a consequence of the fall of man , every person born into the world is enslaved to the service of sin and , apart from the efficacious or prevenient grace of god , is utterly unable to choose to follow god or choose to accept salvation as it is freely offered .	efficacious	universal	inspired	actual	essential	ordinary	irresistible	abundant	inspiration	apparent	inclusive
he was kidnapped and held by the notorious pirate peter easton in harbour grace .	notorious	infamous	famous	famed	legendary	ruthless	treacherous	reputed	famously	titular	outlawed
as a result of this acquisition and the legal dispute with hearst corporation , mandrakesoft announced that the new company name would be mandriva , and that mandriva linux would be the new name covering products .	dispute	conflict	battle	fight	argument	settlement	controversy	contest	feud	challenge	confrontation
despite almost daily reports of missing property , he was able to evade capture until 15 february , when a man named wimbow , who had been pursuing him with a partner for days , found him in an area of thick brush called liberty plains and shot him .	evade	escape	avoid	dodge	resist	survive	flee	pursue	bypass	avoided	ignore
he was born at plessiel , a hamlet of drucat near abbeville , to a long-established family of picardy , the great-nephew of the painter eustache le sueur .	hamlet	village	part	town	parish	locality	suburb	portion	settlement	community	borough
the man in the high castle occurs in an alternate universe united states ruled by the victorious axis powers .	alternate	early	intermediate	extended	actual	original	unlikely	imagined	overall	earlier	interrupted
their quick acceleration makes them suitable for services with short intervals between stations .	suitable	useful	appropriate	unsuitable	ideal	convenient	relevant	sensible	fitting	favourable	unfit
aung san suu kyi returned to burma in 1988 to take care of her ailing mother .	ailing	sick	elderly	dying	aging	aged	ill	injured	struggling	poor	widowed
progress in developing the tar was hindered by political and economic obstacles throughout the 1960s , 1970s and early 1980s .	obstacles	barriers	challenges	difficulties	restrictions	opposition	hurdles	opponents	opportunities	objectives	disturbances
in 1832 his family emigrated thence to belleville , ontario , where he apprenticed with the printer at the town newspaper , the belleville intelligencer .	emigrated	migrated	moved	immigrated	relocated	escaped	resided	embarked	departed	evacuated	perished
ohio state also announced in 2006 , that it would be designating at least $ 110 million of its research efforts to what it termed `` fundamental concerns '' such as research towards a cure for cancer , renewable energy sources and sustainable drinking water supplies .	fundamental	essential	basic	major	vital	substantial	profound	substantive	elemental	biomedical	dietary
long ago , there was a decision by the late former prime minister , rafik hariri , to restore the synagogue and surround it with a garden .	restore	rebuild	preserve	repair	recover	revive	strengthen	reform	transform	conserve	remake
port arthur was also the destination for juvenile convicts , receiving many boys , some as young as nine arrested for stealing toys .	juvenile	youth	young	teenage	male	adolescent	youthful	junior	younger	jamaican	trainee
notrium is played from a top-down perspective , giving an overhead view of proceedings .	perspective	view	viewpoint	position	angle	vantage	projection	path	vista	trajectory	premise
the international re-formed in 1923 , and was reconstituted again , in its present form , after world war ii .	reconstituted	established	reorganized	reformed	formed	reunited	organised	organized	dissolved	assembled	constituted
the amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .	tributaries	streams	derivatives	headwaters	reservoirs	subsidiaries	satellites	drains	forks	affiliates	devotees
the sunnah is seen as crucial to guiding interpretation of the qur ` an .	crucial	vital	essential	important	key	critical	pivotal	necessary	relevant	fundamental	decisive
the avesta is the primary collection of sacred texts of zoroastrianism , composed in the avestan language .	composed	written	published	created	primarily	constructed	recorded	formulated	formed	chiefly	collected
typically , the biggest difference between film and stage musicals is the use of lavish background scenery which would be impractical in a theater .	lavish	elaborate	rich	extravagant	large	a	expensive	extensive	vast	costly	ornate
following the hassles ' demise in 1969 , he formed the duo attila with hassles drummer jon small .	demise	dissolution	death	breakup	deaths	downfall	formation	reformation	progression	disruption	reorganization
there they signed a collective protest , and vowed their newspapers would continue to run .	vowed	promised	swore	pledged	said	wished	proclaimed	determined	decreed	stipulated	mandated
the first amniotes , such as casineria , resembled small lizards and evolved from amphibian reptiliomorphs about 340 million years ago .	resembled	were	became	like	represented	are	featured	looked	reflected	shaped	favored
in 1999 , a world tamil confederation was established to protect and foster tamil culture and further a sense of togetherness amongst tamils in different countries .	foster	promote	develop	stimulate	strengthen	safeguard	protect	maintain	support	favour	govern
for much of the twentieth century it was used by the queensland government as a settlement for aboriginals considered guilty of such infractions as being `` disruptive '' , being pregnant to a white man or being born with `` mixed blood '' .	infractions	offences	crimes	offenses	violations	acts	things	conduct	crime	abuses	punishments
historically , in the warm mediterranean and middle eastern climates , the courtyard served to accommodate the large number of worshippers during friday prayers .	accommodate	facilitate	support	serve	contain	host	house	shelter	absorb	relocate	harbor
john mccain polled 62.5 % in the 2008 presidential election while 70.9 % of utahns opted for george w. bush in 2004 .	opted	voted	chose	wished	elected	decided	vote	voting	campaigned	picked	accounted
throughout most of the film , his only true friend , aside from his mother , is the mouse , timothy - a relationship parodying the stereotypical animosity between mice and elephants .	animosity	relationship	rivalry	relations	friendship	hostility	conflict	opposition	relationships	sentiment	aggression
the band is known for its large line-up , which consists of nine members ; including a vocalist , two guitarists , a bassist , two percussionists in addition to a primary drummer , a sampler , and a turntablist .	vocalist	singer	drummer	bassist	keyboardist	frontman	soprano	rapper	chorus	lead	protagonist
digital signatures are equivalent to traditional handwritten signatures in many respects ; properly implemented digital signatures are more difficult to forge than the handwritten type .	forge	achieve	secure	break	verify	identify	trace	replicate	manipulate	fake	recognise
his linguistic capacity , thoughts and speeches correspond to those of modern man , including a vast knowledge about history , politics , philosophy and literature .	vast	broad	deep	large	wide	comprehensive	thorough	profound	great	substantial	complete
recent archaeological evidence may indicate an edomite nation as long ago as the 11th century bc , but the topic is controversial and others argue that the 8th or 9th century dates are correct .	evidence	record	material	findings	activity	support	information	data	proof	witness	trace
triton was revealed to have remarkable active geysers and polar caps .	remarkable	both	unusually	large	notable	numerous	moderately	133	demonstrated	dramatically	demonstrate
polar bear fur consists of a layer of dense underfur and an outer layer of guard hairs , which appear white to tan but are actually transparent .	transparent	clear	opaque	glass	yellow	white	yellowish	visible	thicker	thinner	clearer
the most common reason for erecting a khachkar was for votive reasons - for the salvation of the soul of either a living or a deceased person .	deceased	dead	dying	departed	murdered	living	distant	childless	widowed	defunct	interred
scene 2 : the doctor rushes by the captain in the street , who urges him to slow down .	urges	encourages	tells	orders	advises	leads	encouraged	causes	commands	influences	convinces
warner also set a super bowl record by attempting 45 passes without a single interception .	attempting	making	trying	completing	failing	beginning	covering	appearing	achieving	initiating	addressing
a carotenoid dye , crocin , allows saffron to impart a rich golden-yellow hue to dishes and textiles . saffron has further medicinal applications .	golden-yellow	yellow	reddish	crimson	scarlet	red	yellowish	brown	floral	colour	metallic
the revival of lute in the 20th century revitalized the interest of composers in the instruments of the lute family .	revival	resurgence	renaissance	recovery	restoration	rebirth	reunion	promotion	surge	resort	salvage
urepel is a commune in the pyrnes - atlantiques department in south-western france .	south-western	western	west	northwestern	central	northern	eastern	northwest	atlantic	aquitaine	nouvelle
ge_lson de carvalho soares or simply ge_lson , is a striker .	striker	midfielder	footballer	forward	defender	vocalist	goalkeeper	winger	goalscorer	protagonist	sprinter
lancelot de carles called her `` beautiful with an elegant figure '' , and a venetian in paris in 1528 also reported that she was said to be beautiful .	reported	recorded	said	wrote	noted	described	remarked	stated	claimed	informed	pronounced
in 2005 , benson collaborated with artist jamie mckelvie on a short story within the image comics collection four letter worlds .	collaborated	worked	partnered	teamed	appeared	participated	performed	embarked	reunited	starred	merged
beaurieux is a commune in the department of aisne in picardy in northern france .	department	district	region	province	area	canton	valley	division	arrondissement	prefecture	commune
he is notable as a performer of australian traditional folk songs in an authentic style .	performer	singer	vocalist	producer	presenter	musician	practitioner	soloist	specialist	competitor	coordinator
fired by enthusiasm , tolstoy returned to yasnaya polyana and founded thirteen schools for his serfs ' children , based on ground-breaking libertarian principles tolstoy described in his 1862 essay `` the school at yasnaya polyana '' .	enthusiasm	passion	excitement	fire	poverty	activity	imagination	hostility	motivation	fever	anglia
companies may also take out strike insurance prior to an anticipated strike , to help offset the losses which the strike would cause .	companies	firms	businesses	they	it	employers	cities	organizations	corporations	people	these
in 2006 , nippon ichi released a sequel called for the playstation 2 , as well as a 12 episode long anime titled makai senki disgaea .	titled	called	named	entitled	series	,	labeled	.	directed	program	headed
the false gharial , also known as the malayan gharial , false gavial , or tomistoma is a fresh-water reptile resembling a crocodile with a very thin and elongated snout , which is thicker than the gharial .	elongated	long	angular	angled	elliptical	extended	distorted	shaped	abbreviated	thin	streamlined
he held several senior positions in the royal flying corps during world war i , serving as the commander of royal flying corps in france from 1915 to 1917 .	senior	prominent	command	leadership	major	junior	chief	commanding	supervisory	prestigious	subordinate
fernando navarro i corbacho is a spanish footballer who currently plays for sevilla fc , as a left defender .	defender	back	midfielder	player	winger	guard	goalkeeper	cornerback	forward	footballer	competitor
throughout recorded history , several cosmologies and cosmogonies have been proposed to account for observations of the universe .	observations	measurements	aspects	reflections	discoveries	findings	appearances	investigations	classifications	abnormalities	emissions
saint-montan is a commune in the ardche department in south-eastern france .	department	district	division	valley	region	commune	canton	arrondissement	sector	prefecture	diocese
the term is also at times used as a derogatory term for films or sequels of films that are of inferior quality , or are not expected to find financial success .	derogatory	general	negative	generic	descriptive	slang	neutral	reference	marketing	relative	controversial
the hush sound is currently on hiatus .	hiatus	break	pause	vacation	hold	tour	holiday	board	rehearsals	pauses	disco
mainstream music denotes music that is familiar and unthreatening to the masses , as for example popular music , pop music , middle of the road music , pop rap or soft rock ; mainstream jazz is generally seen as an evolution of be-bop , which was originally regarded as radical .	denotes	comprises	implies	is	describes	indicates	includes	signifies	incorporates	resembles	employs
edwards attended west buckland school where his potential for the triple jump was spotted at an early age .	potential	talent	capacity	ability	variety	desire	prospective	promise	flair	opportunity	caliber
inheriting a collapsing empire and faced with constant warfare during his reign against both the seljuk turks in asia minor and the normans in the western balkans , alexios was able to halt the byzantine decline and begin the military , financial , and territorial recovery known as the `` komnenian restoration '' .	reign	rule	time	tenure	life	throne	dynasty	period	campaign	coronation	era
in the census of 2005 , the population of the banja luka region was at 709,000 residents , predominantly serb .	residents	inhabitants	people	members	individuals	settlers	population	speakers	immigrants	serbs	canadians
monte plata is a province of the dominican republic , and also the name of its capital city . it was split from san crist_bal in 1992 .	province	city	district	region	municipality	part	town	department	county	division	governorate
it is sent as an http header by a web server to a web browser and then sent back unchanged by the browser each time it accesses that server .	accesses	visits	uses	enters	addresses	encounters	attacks	reaches	hits	updates	abstracts
in contrast , the 2007 microp_dia has roughly 65,000 articles , the vast majority of which contain fewer than 750 words , no references , and no named contributors .	fewer	less	more	greater	smaller	lesser	lower	weaker	richer	poorer	wilder
by 1961 , gordy had appointed robinson vice-president of motown records , a title robinson held for as long as gordy remained with the company .	remained	stayed	was	became	retained	resided	traveled	persisted	appeared	departed	existed
from 1908 to 1911 he was the principal conductor of the vienna hofoper succeeding gustav mahler ; he retained the conductorship of the vienna philharmonic until 1927 .	retained	held	maintained	remained	kept	continued	relinquished	preserved	maintains	upheld	defended
mexican cinnamon hot chocolate is traditionally served alongside a variety of mexican pastries known as pan dulce and , as in spain , churros .	traditionally	typically	commonly	usually	historically	also	generally	uniquely	then	famously	formerly
slaves were previously introduced by the british and french who colonized the island in the 18th century .	introduced	brought	established	imported	employed	mentioned	added	found	educated	reintroduced	injected
cholera , sometimes known as asiatic or epidemic cholera , is an infectious gastroenteritis caused by enterotoxin-producing strains of the bacterium vibrio cholerae .	strains	cells	varieties	spores	bacteria	versions	variants	members	cultures	organisms	mutations
a hurricane struck dominica and puerto rico between july 22 and july 24 .	struck	reached	hit	ravaged	touched	formed	affected	penetrated	visited	fractured	protected
in 1975 the old district steinfurt was merged with the district tecklenburg , and together with greven and saerbeck from the former district m_nster the current district was formed .	formed	created	made	born	established	founded	found	shaped	reformed	organised	reduced
it was discovered by a team of astronomers led by brett j. gladman , et al . in 2003 .	discovered	found	studied	published	determined	named	established	detected	located	announced	founded
cyanobacteria , also known as blue-green algae , blue-green bacteria or cyanophyta , is a phylum of bacteria that obtain their energy through photosynthesis .	obtain	derive	gain	acquire	gather	attain	generate	achieve	source	derives	aggregate
she finally divorced monroe in 1947 and also split with guy .	split	broke	went	reunited	lived	divided	separated	got	left	merged	married
criss is a commune in the sarthe department in the pays de la loire region in north-western france .	region	valley	area	department	,	province	in	district	division	league	promotion
dan pulled in ruth marie as a fifth person in his alliance , but after losing another immunity challenge , sally convinced the la mina men that she was a more valuable player .	convinced	persuaded	taught	showed	encouraged	fooled	helped	inspired	influenced	and	motivated
greater armenia is an armenian irredentist political goal aimed at uniting with armenia most of the armenian highland , the historical homeland of the armenians since antiquity up until the armenian genocide when they were massacred and forcefully expelled by the ottoman turkish government .	forcefully	subsequently	eventually	later	then	completely	violently	illegally	strongly	overwhelmingly	lastly
lightcurve data for europa has been particularly tricky to interpret , so much so for a long time its period of rotation was in dispute despite numerous observations .	tricky	difficult	complex	complicated	challenging	tough	tight	problematic	crucial	elusive	intricate
it is typically used for scraping or cutting food before the food enters the esophagus .	scraping	cutting	slicing	peeling	picking	wiping	cleaning	eating	hammering	churning	smoothing
city of faizabad is the headquarters of faizabad district and a municipal board in the state of uttar pradesh , india , situated on the banks of river ghaghra .	headquarters	center	capital	chief	city	offices	seat	centre	hq	administration	terminus
the name kalganup is believed to be the noongar word for ` place of many waters ' .	believed	thought	said	known	assumed	considered	understood	likely	presumed	expected	estimated
romano fogli is an italian retired footballer and former manager .	retired	former	born	professional	veteran	active	senior	current	football	experienced	bass
it overwinters in conifer groves .	conifer	pine	oak	the	cedar	birch	walnut	redwood	temperate	a	linden
in mid-june 2006 , the slab was crumbling in frequent rockfalls , although it was still being extruded .	extruded	constructed	eroded	built	used	formed	rebuilt	repaired	rescued	reconstructed	reused
the billionaire of dismal downs is a scrooge mcduck comic by don rosa . it is the ninth of the original 12 chapters in the series the life and times of scrooge mcduck .	series	book	collection	books	title	miniseries	original	novel	line	comic	comics
hms guardian set out before the convict ships but struck ice after leaving the cape of good hope , returned to southern africa and was wrecked on the coast .	returned	went	came	traveled	rose	travelled	back	headed	and	proceeded	evacuated
the concept of a `` picture element '' dates to the earliest days of television , for example as `` bildpunkt '' in the 1888 german patent of paul nipkow .	concept	idea	notion	term	definition	theme	character	complex	premise	phenomenon	usage
on 1 october 1983 the pilot project began operations as a full-fledged bank and was renamed the grameen bank to make loans to poor bangladeshis .	full-fledged	private	national	commercial	development	retail	separate	pilot	chartered	bangladeshi	bangladesh
a lesson is a structured period of time where learning is intended to occur .	structured	brief	short	regular	regulated	disciplined	designated	prescribed	fixed	coherent	mandatory
it has been suggested that eastern pacific ocean tropical cyclones are formed out of tropical waves that originate in north africa as well .	originate	occur	arise	begin	exist	arrive	arrived	hail	enter	intercept	converge
riel sought to preserve mtis rights and culture as their homelands in the northwest came progressively under the canadian sphere of influence .	sought	seeks	attempted	intended	desired	seeking	aimed	determined	advocated	began	targeted
they are characterized by spirituality and metaphysical themes , extremely long takes , lack of conventional dramatic structure and plot , and memorable cinematography .	cinematography	scenes	imagery	photography	visuals	sequences	shots	footage	gameplay	cameras	soloists
seismograms are essential for measuring earthquakes using the richter scale .	essential	important	necessary	required	used	crucial	vital	needed	integral	fundamental	unique
but , from time to time the church hierarchy , and even some popes , have given opinions on various matters ; although these `` guidelines '' are not binding on catholics , many tradition-minded catholics find them persuasive .	persuasive	useful	valuable	authoritative	interesting	distinctive	misleading	binding	reassuring	desirable	complementary
a haunted house is defined as a house that is believed to be a center for supernatural occurrences or paranormal phenomena .	occurrences	events	incidents	phenomena	experiences	observations	phenomenon	instances	illnesses	entities	assemblies
glaciologically , ice age implies the presence of extensive ice sheets in the northern and southern hemispheres ; by this definition we are still in the ice age that began at the start of the pleistocene .	definition	time	conception	criterion	interpretation	measure	criteria	determination	,	formulation	right
from scarborough monday to saturdays there is generally an hourly first transpennine express service to york , leeds , manchester piccadilly and liverpool lime street and a two-hourly northern rail service to bridlington , hull and sheffield via the yorkshire coast line .	generally	typically	usually	also	normally	currently	commonly	primarily	roughly	initially	broadly
the county is divided into three areas of unorganized territory : dupree , north ziebach , and south ziebach .	divided	split	subdivided	separated	broken	organized	distributed	grouped	segregated	classified	located
the pittsburgh steelers are a professional american football team based in pittsburgh , pennsylvania .	based	located	headquartered	found	played	living	residing	formed	established	playing	born
during the final immunity challenge , sandra fell out early , allowing jon to try to convince lil to take him to the final two .	final	second	first	initial	last	preliminary	subsequent	current	following	ultimate	semifinal
avian influenza virus h3n2 is endemic in pigs in china and has been detected in pigs in vietnam , increasing fears of the emergence of new variant strains .	detected	discovered	found	spotted	recorded	demonstrated	diagnosed	investigated	peaked	sighted	intercepted
and though often viewed as a youthful expression of rebellion by the mainstream media , modern punk embodies a range of age groups who generally disagree with the perceived of countercultural principals and it is not uncommon for middle-aged people to form punk houses and resistance movements in the face of what they view as the widespread , unfair exploitation of human and animal rights .	exploitation	manipulation	oppression	suppression	repression	use	harvesting	utilization	representation	occupation	stimulation
grolangheim is a municipality in the district of kitzingen in bavaria in germany .	municipality	town	city	village	community	borough	township	commune	parish	valley	canton
he received many awards , among them a posthumous special citation from the pulitzer prize board in 2007 for his `` masterful improvisation , supreme musicianship and iconic centrality to the history of jazz . ''	received	earned	got	won	obtained	had	garnered	collected	took	accepted	underwent
when a fair weather waterspout makes landfall it quickly dissipates as it loses the inflow of warm air into the vortex .	dissipates	collapses	spreads	dies	fades	sinks	drops	separates	leaves	forms	divides
its purpose is to promote free trade and the fluid movement of goods , people , and currency .	fluid	free	continuous	flexible	steady	orderly	liberal	lateral	uniform	progressive	peaceful
most of the state lies in an area known as tornado alley characterized by frequent interaction between cold and warm air masses producing severe weather .	interaction	impact	exchange	contact	influence	association	mixing	encounter	combination	activation	occurrence
the reservoir has a volume of 4.26 mio m and a surface area of 0.25 km .	reservoir	water	lake	dam	structure	pond	body	cylinder	facility	deposit	embankment
after receiving the news of the important award , yunus announced that he would use part of his share of the $ 1.4 million award money to create a company to make low-cost , high-nutrition food for the poor ; while the rest would go toward setting up an eye hospital for the poor in bangladesh .	announced	declared	stated	proclaimed	decided	said	promised	informed	ordered	proposed	advertised
phillip was appointed governor of new south wales , the first european colony on the australian continent , and was the founder of the site which is now the city of sydney .	appointed	the	elected	made	named	a	also	installed	commissioned	established	subsequently
toshiba was founded by the merging of two companies in 1939 .	merging	combining	fusion	unification	amalgamation	forming	union	linking	blending	grouping	signing
after crossing florida , hurricane hunters indicated a poorly defined circulation , but with winds exceeding tropical storm strength , and the system was designated as tropical storm erika late on august 14 while located 85 miles west of fort myers .	indicated	noted	observed	found	reported	identified	showed	detected	determined	anticipated	outlined
eucalyptus forests in california have been criticised because they compete with native plants and do not support native animals .	criticised	condemned	questioned	attacked	characterised	challenged	recognised	disadvantaged	investigated	classed	implicated
after the demise of the whl , however , the stanley cup was awarded exclusively to the nhl playoff champion , and the wales trophy was given to the regular season champion .	exclusively	only	solely	directly	primarily	strictly	instead	entirely	specifically	independently	universally
it was discovered and opened about the same time as crystal cave , but was closed by the owners in the 1940s .	discovered	found	founded	known	rediscovered	uncovered	created	explored	located	established	visited
italy purchased the city in 1905 and made mogadishu the capital of italian somaliland .	purchased	bought	acquired	sold	owned	captured	obtained	traded	controlled	chartered	patented
sir terence david john pratchett , obe , more commonly known as terry pratchett , is an english novelist , known for his frequently comical work in the fantasy genre .	novelist	author	writer	journalist	publisher	narrator	entertainer	protagonist	lawyer	businessman	barrister
students are obligated to attend the central high school .	obligated	required	forced	expected	permitted	mandated	ordered	assigned	supposed	compelled	instructed
the technique consists of precoding the data so as to cancel the effect of the interference .	technique	method	principle	practice	procedure	pattern	signal	scheme	timing	discipline	phrase
in 1989 , these diversified interests started growing into separate organizations , as the fisheries project became grameen motsho and the irrigation project became grameen krishi .	organizations	groups	entities	structures	institutions	interests	associations	corporations	industries	bodies	outfits
in august 1995 , the ttc suffered its worst subway accident in what it refers to as the russell hill accident , on the yonge-university-spadina line south of st. clair west station .	suffered	had	experienced	lost	sustained	witnessed	saw	got	claimed	gained	injured
the short-beaked echidna is an iconic animal in contemporary australia , notably appearing on the australian five-cent piece and on a $ 200 commemorative coin released in 1992 .	contemporary	western	modern	current	metropolitan	mainland	australian	postwar	broader	everyday	peninsular
gygax is generally acknowledged as the father of role-playing games .	generally	usually	often	commonly	widely	typically	broadly	universally	also	consistently	uniformly
after 1910 , he spent the remainder of his life in moscow , working in the marfo-mariinsky convent .	remainder	rest	end	majority	whole	bulk	most	entirety	duration	course	balance
situated 13 miles southeast of seattle , washington , renton straddles the southeast shore of lake washington .	situated	located	positioned	about	established	placed	centred	found	approximately	residing	occurring
in the third book , harry potter and the prisoner of azkaban , rowling uses a time travel premise .	premise	concept	storyline	narrative	paradigm	plot	metaphor	hypothesis	base	pun	ruse
yass is a prominent area for raising sheep which produce very fine wool due to the soil and climatic conditions of the yass area .	prominent	notable	leading	distinctive	prevalent	substantial	distinguished	distinct	predominant	desirable	sizable
annual production of lego bricks averages approximately 20 billion per year , or about 600 pieces per second : if all the lego bricks ever produced were to be divided equally among a world population of six billion , each person would have 62 lego bricks .	averages	is	reaches	are	totals	comprises	encompasses	exceeds	totaled	occurs	employs
historians are undecided if lincoln actually said this line , and in a letter that stowe wrote to her husband a few hours after meeting with lincoln no mention of this comment was made .	undecided	uncertain	unsure	unclear	unknown	debating	doubtful	divided	questioned	skeptical	ambiguous
the interest was so great that developers found themselves advertising the parks rather than their own developments , as the highest prices would exist for the park perceived to be best .	advertising	marketing	promoting	selling	establishing	expanding	identifying	branding	announcing	employing	addressing
it generally consists of a shallow pool of water , usually quite calm .	generally	usually	typically	commonly	broadly	is	roughly	widely	otherwise	uniformly	gradually
a tropical cyclone strikes eastern cuba on september 28 .	strikes	reaches	hits	in	affects	forms	meets	makes	rocks	crosses	crashes
the romans believed the fumes produced by burning castoreum could induce an abortion ; paracelsus thought it could be used in the treatment of epilepsy ; and medieval beekeepers used it to increase honey production .	produced	created	generated	obtained	formed	made	released	caused	emitted	forged	recovered
phosgene can be detected at 0.4 ppm , which is four times the threshold limit value .	detected	observed	measured	identified	discovered	monitored	found	recorded	sensed	spotted	recognised
he invites his sister , may belle to enter terabithia ; she is delighted because she was previously denied any opportunity to enter .	denied	rejected	granted	refused	barred	forbidden	afforded	suppressed	permitted	thwarted	prohibited
oat bread was first manufactured in england , where the first oat bread factory was established in 1899 .	manufactured	produced	made	constructed	established	assembled	synthesized	formed	introduced	conceived	regulated
the trans-asian railway is a project to create an integrated freight railway network across europe and asia .	create	build	establish	make	form	develop	provide	become	construct	complete	include
if the object has exactly the same density as the fluid , then its buoyancy equals its weight .	fluid	water	liquid	material	gas	body	medium	solid	volume	sphere	vapor
they have also been observed in captivity catching spiny dogfish of up to 3-4 feet in length .	observed	seen	reported	witnessed	recorded	found	identified	spotted	encountered	detected	evidenced
in mid-november 2008 , president-elect obama and clinton discussed the possibility of her serving as u.s. secretary of state in his administration , and on november 21 , reports indicated that she had accepted the position .	indicated	suggested	appeared	showed	stated	announced	hinted	speculated	implied	conveyed	displayed
outcast of redwall is a fantasy novel by brian jacques , published in 1995 .	novel	book	story	series	fiction	thriller	written	tale	paperback	published	game
with the others bailed out for various food items , tom was the last man standing and won immunity .	various	different	other	certain	the	common	numerous	dubious	specific	fancy	alternative
thus , on unification day , october 3 , 1990 , the german democratic republic ceased to exist , giving way to five new federal states , and east and west berlin were also unified as a single city , forming a sixth new federal state . the new federal states immediately became parts of the federal republic of germany , so that it was enlarged to include the whole territory of the former east germany .	territory	area	land	region	state	country	part	population	space	geography	portion
in the opening and middlegame , the king will rarely play an active role in the development of an offensive or defensive position .	rarely	never	usually	often	not	typically	occasionally	commonly	frequently	seldom	periodically
the most troublesome situation usually occurs with short journeys from west to east .	troublesome	difficult	unpleasant	challenging	unfortunate	painful	deadly	violent	exciting	sinister	memorable
barnes & noble , inc. is the largest book retailer in the united states , operating mainly through its barnes & noble booksellers chain of bookstores headquartered in lower fifth avenue in lower manhattan , new york city .	headquartered	located	based	,	situated	anchored	and	residing	housed	concentrated	centered
hurricane-force wind gusts were reported in new england .	hurricane-force	strong	high	force	wind	strength	storm	two	moderate	higher	level
spain and luxembourg currently have bourbon monarchs .	currently	presently	now	also	typically	previously	briefly	concurrently	regularly	temporarily	subsequently
the toys are similar to many other small plush toys , however , each webkinz toy has an attached tag with a unique `` secret code '' printed on it that allows access to the `` webkinz world '' website .	unique	distinctive	special	different	distinct	specific	single	memorable	characteristic	customized	trademark
jamie farr is an american television and film actor and popular game show panelist .	panelist	host	personality	contestant	presenter	competitor	participant	judge	moderator	commentator	broadcaster
however , the availability of suitable habitat is critical : forest must be neither too old nor too young .	availability	abundance	absence	existence	accessibility	acquisition	occurrence	shortage	allocation	adaptation	utilization
he enrolled at papanui high school , then university of canterbury , but for only one year .	enrolled	studied	entered	began	registered	completed	enlisted	embarked	boarded	engaged	integrated
famous for hosting the annual rose bowl football game and the tournament of roses parade , pasadena is the home of many leading scientific and cultural institutions , including the california institute of technology , pasadena city college , the jet propulsion laboratory , art center college of design , the pasadena playhouse , california school of culinary arts pasadena , the norton simon museum of art and the pacific asia museum .	leading	renowned	prominent	major	important	international	famous	premier	emerging	eminent	pioneering
bunch is a small unincorporated community in southwestern adair county , oklahoma , united states .	community	town	area	village	settlement	city	location	township	neighborhood	locality	subdivision
the association of virtue with withdrawal from society - and specifically from cities - was a familiar theme in religious literature .	theme	motif	topic	feature	subject	element	metaphor	genre	issue	focus	thread
she has three older brothers : aaron , benjamin , and nathaniel , the latter of whom is a model and actor .	latter	former	last	other	younger	first	remainder	youngest	pair	remaining	namesake
before meeting the sacramento river , the san joaquin river has two distributary rivers , the old river and the middle river , both of which once were the main channels of the river . due to the bend in the san joaquin river channel at the head of the old river , a significant portion of the san joaquin river flow continues down the old river instead of heading northward along the san joaquin .	significant	substantial	large	small	major	sizable	considerable	notable	smaller	noteworthy	comparable
the primary trinity included tinia , uni and menrva .	primary	main	original	tertiary	secondary	predominant	greater	initial	major	dominant	distinct
tolstoy was born in yasnaya polyana , the family estate in the tula region of russia .	estate	property	house	home	seat	mansion	domain	office	enterprise	plantation	station
the earthquake engineering research institute is a leader in dissemination of earthquake engineering research related information both in the u.s. and globally .	research	study	radio	information	science	support	reference	reform	related	regional	ram
notable former managers of notts county include jimmy sirrel , neil warnock , howard kendall and sam allardyce .	former	current	past	previous	local	recent	senior	deputy	top	male	ram
in addition to local research conducted at the radio telescope , parkes scientists have assisted nasa for several missions as a southern hemisphere relay and communications station .	assisted	helped	joined	supported	aided	accompanied	consulted	provided	advised	participated	augmented
volcanologists frequently visit volcanoes , especially active ones , to observe volcanic eruptions , collect eruptive products including tephra , rock and lava samples .	frequently	often	regularly	commonly	typically	routinely	continually	repeatedly	widely	subsequently	prominently
pool , also known as pocket billiards , is the general term for a family of cue sports played on a pool table with six receptacles called pockets along the , into which balls are deposited as the main goal of play .	receptacles	holes	pockets	areas	compartments	slots	baskets	sections	spots	chambers	cells
he normally appears in a running gag , where he usually suffers unfortunate , nearly always fatal , events .	unfortunate	terrible	unexpected	unpleasant	tragic	unhappy	fortunate	accidental	unacceptable	interesting	memorable
most digital media are based on translating analog data into digital data and vice-versa .	translating	converting	turning	rendering	writing	encoding	interpreting	copying	mapping	expressing	representing
wrestlers portrayed a villain or a hero as they followed a series of events that built tension , and culminated into a wrestling match or series of matches .	villain	character	foe	nemesis	antagonist	goddess	host	ally	boss	partner	valet
not to be confused with `` terms '' in colloquial usages , the shortened form of technical terms which are defined within a discipline or speciality field .	discipline	field	profession	subject	specialty	department	domain	division	sector	faculty	curriculum
a `` dune field '' is an area covered by extensive sand dunes .	extensive	vast	large	substantial	widespread	numerous	expansive	a	enormous	lengthy	elaborate
107 camilla is one of the largest main belt asteroids .	largest	biggest	smallest	giant	major	youngest	big	smaller	northernmost	tallest	eldest
first mentioned by the ancient greek geographer ptolemy , the pre-christian settlement of the saxon people originally covered an area a little more to the northwest , with parts of the southern jutland peninsula , old saxony and small sections of the eastern low countries .	sections	portions	parts	areas	segments	regions	tracts	reaches	divisions	stretches	detachments
jeanne demessieux had a prodigious memory : she had memorized more than 2,500 works , including the complete organ works of johann sebastian bach , csar franck , franz liszt , felix mendelssohn and marcel dupr .	prodigious	remarkable	great	good	musical	brilliant	large	unique	superior	photographic	special
at the end of each season , a series of playoff games are contested among the top six teams in the nfc , consisting of the four division champions and the two other teams with the best win-loss records .	contested	held	played	disputed	determined	competed	arranged	sought	hosted	comprised	anticipated
veritas and undina would have been the largest fragments of that collision .	fragments	pieces	remnants	debris	bits	wreckage	pebbles	splinter	shards	survivors	chunks
after the partitions of poland in 1794 the area was annexed by prussia .	annexed	occupied	acquired	incorporated	administered	invaded	conquered	absorbed	integrated	ceded	unified
the models initially had difficulty predicting the track of the depression and the forecasts from the national hurricane center reflected this , indicating that the depression would move towards texas .	reflected	indicated	expressed	echoed	revealed	displayed	mirrored	mirror	addressed	matched	mirrors
a british nobleman , lord stanhope , took an interest in hauser and gained custody of him late in 1831 .	gained	took	obtained	regained	acquired	retained	attained	got	assumed	became	secured
simon phillip cowell is an english music executive , television producer and entrepreneur .	entrepreneur	businessman	philanthropist	founder	inventor	author	broadcaster	activist	proprietor	presenter	investor
the remnants of the depression persisted until 2 am edt at which time it was absorbed by a warm front .	absorbed	swallowed	reflected	enveloped	overwhelmed	engulfed	intercepted	integrated	adopted	merged	inherited
a good measure of notability is whether someone has been featured in multiple , independent , reliable sources .	multiple	numerous	two	several	many	separate	primary	independent	diverse	single	consecutive
it originally aired on the fox network in the united states on october 10 , 1991 .	aired	appeared	ran	premiered	broadcast	featured	began	screened	hosted	followed	moved
religious law is explicitly based on religious precepts .	precepts	law	principles	beliefs	laws	practice	norms	belief	thought	principle	rights
the principal greenhouse , in an art nouveau style with a modern metallic structure , resembles the mid-19th century crystal palace in london .	resembles	echoes	depicts	features	incorporates	reflects	represents	recalls	mirrors	suggests	parallels
metlink , formerly the met , is the marketing body and umbrella brand for public train , tram and bus transport operators in greater melbourne , victoria , australia .	brand	company	label	name	organisation	group	business	body	range	mark	sponsor
on april 9 , 1919 , miss marcella sherwood , who supervised the mission day school for girls was bicycling round the city to close her schools when she was assaulted by a mob in a narrow street , the kucha kurrichhan , was beaten and left wounded .	assaulted	attacked	harassed	beaten	ambushed	approached	confronted	intercepted	challenged	overwhelmed	tackled
schoenberg refused , saying `` i would only make you a bad schoenberg , and you 're such a good gershwin already . ''	refused	declined	insisted	objected	replied	rejected	protested	hesitated	proposed	disagreed	forbade
however media outlets soon found ways around the ban , initially by the use of subtitles , but later and more commonly by the use of an actor reading his words over the images of him speaking .	initially	first	mainly	primarily	subsequently	principally	ultimately	originally	firstly	therefore	early
however , the new king , louis xviii , knew that ideas of nationalism and democracy still lingered in his country ; hence the establishment and signing of the charte constitutionnelle franaise , the french constitution otherwise known as la charte .	hence	and	with	thus	in	prompting	via	consequently	saw	through	triggering
in 1873 mine employers attempted to introduce saturday afternoon and sunday shifts .	attempted	tried	began	failed	undertook	intended	elected	managed	sought	made	enacted
he then settled in the avon valley , one of the most rugged and inaccessible places in the darling range .	inaccessible	remote	isolated	accessible	uninhabited	challenging	mountainous	secluded	untouched	unfamiliar	undeveloped
the central planets are firmly under alliance control , but the outlying planets and moons resemble the 19th century american west , with little governmental authority .	outlying	other	nearby	western	southern	peripheral	remote	southwestern	satellite	isolated	associated
in 1639 , williams established a baptist church in providence , rhode island , and clarke began a baptist church in newport , rhode island .	established	founded	began	organized	started	formed	opened	maintained	found	initiated	became
while each edition of windows 2000 was targeted to a different market , they share a core set of features , including many system utilities such as the microsoft management console and standard system administration applications .	core	common	basic	similar	base	specific	complementary	different	distinct	diverse	small
the first conflict between the british and the marathas was the first anglo-maratha war which began in 1774 and resulted in the 1782 treaty of salbai , by which the island of salsette , adjacent to bombay island , was ceded to the british , while bharuch was ceded to the maratha ruler scindia .	adjacent	opposite	next	attached	analogous	contiguous	similar	located	annexed	affiliated	subsequent
openoffice.org calc is the spreadsheet component of the openoffice.org software package .	component	part	portion	section	element	subsidiary	unit	constituent	variant	subunit	subdivision
the countess tells him it is only susanna , trying on her wedding dress .	tells	informs	asks	told	shows	reminds	says	warns	convinces	finds	reads
early representations of the balalaika show it with anywhere from two to six strings , which resembles certain central asian instruments .	representations	illustrations	depictions	forms	drawings	performances	appearances	presentations	projections	versions	performers
additional praise was given to its scope and future potential based on user-created content ; minor criticism was reserved for specific elements of the gameplay mechanics and level creation facilities .	elements	aspects	features	parts	items	principles	themes	portions	members	incidents	violations
loamhedge is a fantasy novel by brian jacques , published in 2003 .	published	released	written	republished	printed	completed	issued	established	launched	founded	london
the eastern orthodox church accepts psalm 151 as canonical . roman catholics , protestants , and most jews consider it apocryphal .	consider	think	believe	regard	perceive	keep	study	treat	include	disregard	dub
he aided the doukhobors in migrating to canada .	aided	helped	assisted	supported	led	encouraged	influenced	guided	assists	inspired	impaired
it is a permissive license , meaning that it permits reuse within proprietary software on the condition that the license is distributed with that software . the license is also gpl-compatible , meaning that the gpl permits combination and redistribution with software that uses the mit license .	permits	allows	enables	prohibits	encourages	grants	controls	encompasses	regulates	constitutes	conducts
the battalion is usually part of a regiment , group or a brigade , depending on the organizational model used by that service .	usually	typically	often	commonly	normally	always	a	generally	sometimes	either	traditionally
intense feelings of resentment trigger the initial retaliation , which causes the other party to feel equally aggrieved and vengeful .	retaliation	response	resentment	backlash	confrontation	revenge	hostility	counterattack	rivalry	vengeance	greeting
gravitational energy is the energy associated with the gravitational field .	associated	identified	related	corresponding	involved	affiliated	correlated	linked	attributed	interacting	synonymous
the dead body of a human is referred to as a cadaver , or corpse .	human	man	person	mortal	woman	male	mammal	vampire	body	pedestrian	passenger
marshal manuel deodoro da fonseca became the first president of the republic of brazil after heading a military coup that deposed emperor pedro ii .	coup	junta	dictatorship	overthrow	revolt	government	revolution	rebellion	uprising	mutiny	insurrection
slipknot is a heavy metal band formed by vocalist and percussionist anders colsefni , guitarists donnie steele and josh `` gnar '' brainard , bassist paul gray , drummer joey jordison and percussionist shawn crahan , in des moines , iowa .	formed	founded	created	established	started	composed	assembled	initiated	began	performed	begun
the most recent goaltender to have scored a goal by deliberately shooting the puck into his opponents ' net was evgeni nabokov , in 2002 .	deliberately	intentionally	purposely	accidentally	secretly	voluntarily	consciously	forcibly	famously	permanently	subtly
following the withdrawal of the more powerful class 74 electro-diesels in 1977 , the class 73 is now unique on the british railway network .	network	system	company	infrastructure	map	scheme	circuit	property	ring	mainland	label
upon receiving its classification , the depression consisted of a partially exposed low-level center with deep convection occupying the northeastern semicircle .	occupying	in	filling	entering	comprising	invading	throughout	encompassing	assuming	overlapping	intersecting
these notable synagogues include ; the great synagogue of rome , the new synagogue , the leopoldst_dter tempel , the grand choral synagogue , the great synagogue , the moscow choral synagogue , the great synagogue of florence , the great synagogue , plzen , the great synagogue , the ko ice orthodox synagogue , the novi sad synagogue , the szeged synagogue , the sofia synagogue and the great synagogue of oran .	notable	prominent	famous	significant	major	several	famed	landmark	sizable	typical	modernist
most of the detainees were captured japanese and italian military personnel , on august 5 , 1944 at least 545 japanese pows attempted a mass breakout from the camp , in perhaps the largest prison escape in world history .	breakout	escape	uprising	release	exodus	evacuation	rescue	revolt	escaping	mutiny	escapes
vinaigrette is a mixture of salad oil and vinegar , often flavored with herbs , spices , salt , pepper , sugar , and other ingredients .	ingredients	elements	components	substances	items	materials	preparations	additions	nutrients	constituents	influences
he supported the building of churches by distributing literature and providing ministers .	distributing	producing	spreading	supplying	promoting	providing	publishing	selling	administering	issuing	circulating
as of the early 21st century , christianity has between 1.5 billion and 2.2 billion adherents .	adherents	followers	converts	practitioners	members	devotees	disciples	respondents	subscribers	graduates	millennia
many schools teach children to make sock puppets and then have the children put on shows or plays for the whole school with them , sometimes with all the sock puppets singing .	singing	playing	performing	together	dancing	chanting	sang	crying	leading	fighting	competing
the word cereal derives from ceres , the name of the roman goddess of harvest and agriculture .	derives	comes	differs	originates	stems	distinguishes	descends	arises	develops	springs	declines
miramax films was last operated by daniel battsek who reported to rich ross , chairman of walt disney studios motion pictures .	operated	owned	controlled	run	conducted	led	served	governed	overseen	performed	orchestrated
he is portrayed by mark hamill .	portrayed	played	represented	depicted	performed	starred	written	character	voiced	featured	hosted
super smash bros. was developed by hal laboratory , a nintendo second-party developer , during .	developed	created	built	designed	produced	played	formed	redeveloped	hosted	written	evolved
the northern and western edges of the cotswolds are marked by steep escarpments down to the severn valley and the warwickshire avon .	escarpments	cliffs	slopes	hills	ridges	rocks	drops	terraces	valleys	declines	defences
they renamed the place alcante or alcanatif which means port of salt , due to the old salt industry of phoenicians and romans .	renamed	named	called	changed	founded	nicknamed	rebranded	styled	transformed	rebuilt	refurbished
it was founded in 1964 in hamilton , ontario by canadian hockey player tim horton and jim charade , after an initial venture in hamburger restaurants .	founded	established	started	formed	opened	created	begun	located	launched	incorporated	born
the annual mean temperature is 25 c ; regional mean temperatures range from 18 c in the heart of the cordillera central to as high as 27 c in arid regions .	annual	yearly	regional	daily	local	overall	current	average	biennial	absolute	eponymous
epistemology or theory of knowledge is the branch of philosophy concerned with the nature and scope of knowledge .	scope	range	concept	definition	framework	breadth	scale	locus	area	variety	duration
the process is termed lichenometry .	termed	regarded	entitled	named	designated	principally	pronounced	commenced	afforded	broadly	baptised
the name `` sea of corts '' is the one preferred by most local residents .	residents	inhabitants	citizens	members	speakers	dwellers	locals	owners	populations	settlers	islanders
the 1997 atlantic hurricane season officially began on june 1 , 1997 , and lasted until november 30 , 1997 .	lasted	continued	stayed	ran	ended	lived	persisted	existed	stretched	went	numbered
this was the first time in survivor history that the two initial teams were not preselected by the producers .	preselected	chosen	selected	picked	named	announced	specified	decided	determined	drafted	coached
the geological community generally accepts this hypothesis because it best explains sedimentary deposits generally regarded as of glacial origin at tropical paleolatitudes and other enigmatic features in the geological record .	hypothesis	theory	model	conjecture	correlation	study	doctrine	consensus	paradigm	geology	alignment
the hells angels , at the peak of their ` outlaw ' reputation , corralled lost children .	corralled	had	found	and	gathered	became	were	picked	contained	co	co
the roof of the west stand is corrugated iron this also houses the main television gantry which is accessed from the upper tier seating area by a temporary ladder .	tier	level	stage	deck	floor	row	section	storey	sector	balcony	truss
it gradually decayed into a surface low pressure trough , and developed into two disturbances ; one was centered 290 miles south-southeast of cape cod and another was located 200 miles south of cape hatteras , north carolina .	gradually	slowly	eventually	steadily	rapidly	subsequently	progressively	soon	then	successively	continuously
techno is a form of electronic dance music that emerged in detroit , michigan , us during the mid to late 1980s .	emerged	appeared	arose	began	developed	evolved	originated	formed	rose	erupted	identified
dhamtour has an average elevation of 1110 metres .	elevation	altitude	height	peak	average	enrollment	upland	incidence	attendance	acre	deposit
while in cambrai he collaborated with nicolas grenon on a complete revision of the liturgical musical collection of the cathedral , which included writing an extensive collection of polyphonic music for services .	included	began	was	involved	featured	required	covered	meant	encompassed	started	consisted
it is also the only one of the former provinces of south africa not to undergo border changes , excluding the incorporation of bantustans .	excluding	including	preventing	besides	principally	and	governing	albeit	qualifying	notwithstanding	overlooking
nevertheless , until the middle of the 20th century , agriculture dominated the canton .	nevertheless	however	therefore	subsequently	nonetheless	hence	consequently	thus	furthermore	indeed	accordingly
the chain accounted for 22.6 % of all fast food industry revenues in canada in 2005 .	accounted	responsible	composed	contributed	aimed	enrolled	participated	opted	concentrated	entertained	ain
whatever the truth of the rumors , james required a royal match to preserve the stuart line .	preserve	maintain	protect	save	conserve	keep	seal	retain	destroy	safeguard	survive
in 2005 and 2006 , the bulgarian state railways begin operating desiro trains as part of a 67-million deal with siemens ag for a total of 25 diesel multiple units .	operating	running	using	employing	performing	conducting	serving	receiving	executing	broadcasting	engaging
this category contains articles about albums released on island records .	contains	includes	incorporates	features	encompasses	provides	has	lists	addresses	identifies	describes
their heaviest defeats in the league were 10 - 1 against fulham in 1963 and 9 - 0 against manchester united in 1995 .	heaviest	largest	biggest	worst	greatest	highest	longest	deepest	strongest	respective	tallest
uniquely among mammals , these teeth are continuously replaced throughout life , with new teeth growing at the rear as older teeth fall out from farther forward in the mouth .	continuously	gradually	periodically	steadily	regularly	repeatedly	extensively	commonly	permanently	manually	fundamentally
it is also known as a clothes iron , flat iron , or smoothing iron .	smoothing	rough	flat	washing	winding	straightening	covering	finishing	spreading	grinding	curving
some of the first inhabitants of gili trawangan were from sulawesi who are fishermen and farmers .	inhabitants	residents	settlers	people	citizens	dwellers	occupants	immigrants	peoples	arrivals	owners
thousands of videos exist on youtube of users showing the original video to their friends and taping their reactions , although some videos seem to be staged .	taping	recording	watching	filming	showing	monitoring	documenting	observing	measuring	demonstrating	logging
however , on 13 april 2008 , before the completion of the initial five years , it was announced that bryce was to become the next governor-general of australia .	initial	first	subsequent	final	previous	following	original	additional	inaugural	immediate	incoming
kasem is best known by name as a music historian and disc jockey , most notably as host of the weekly american top 40 radio program from 1970 to 1988 , and again from march 1998 until january 10 , 2004 , when ryan seacrest succeeded him .	program	show	series	broadcast	host	format	station	chart	segment	countdown	personality
liriodendron tulipifera , commonly known as the american tulip tree , tulip poplar or yellow poplar , is the western hemisphere representative of the two-species liriodendron genus and the tallest eastern hardwood .	commonly	also	often	popularly	generally	widely	better	colloquially	informally	otherwise	professionally
another allegation asserts that during the previous year , on saint bartholomew 's day , vlad had 30,000 of the merchants and officials of the transylvanian city of bra ov impaled for breaking his authority .	asserts	states	identifies	maintains	is	establishes	declares	concerns	emphasizes	recounts	affirmed
the result is a region of braided streams , marshes , and lakes the size of belgium ; the seasonal floods make the delta extremely productive for both fishing and agriculture .	extremely	highly	incredibly	exceptionally	remarkably	immensely	unusually	equally	intensely	overwhelmingly	exceeding
during one event , german charley attempting to prevent the theft of a racehorse from the coombing park stables was shot to death by mickey bourke .	prevent	stop	avoid	protect	deter	prohibit	halt	ensure	interrupt	intercept	regulate
the cheetah hunts by vision rather than by scent .	vision	sight	perception	eyes	image	imagination	seeing	sights	blindness	lightning	imagery
spun yarns may contain a single type of fiber , or be a blend of various types . combining synthetic fibers with natural fibers is very common .	various	different	several	numerous	certain	differing	diverse	similar	myriad	common	substantive
the character may be speaking his or her thoughts aloud , directly addressing another character , or speaking to the audience , especially the former .	character	protagonist	person	figure	individual	personality	hero	actor	guest	persona	portrayed
the aar , a tributary of the rhine , is the longest river that both rises and ends entirely within switzerland .	rises	begins	arises	raises	rose	originates	forms	increases	lives	arose	peaks
the atmosphere was so intense that gring , in a telephone call that evening , stated : `` there is unbelievable jubilation in austria .	stated	said	declared	announced	wrote	spoke	expressed	asserted	recorded	exclaimed	specified
the intent is to display the likeness , personality , and even the mood of the person .	intent	purpose	objective	emphasis	desire	aim	ambition	focus	premise	expression	curriculum
kavirondo is the former name of the region surrounding kavirondo gulf as well as of two native peoples living there under the regime of british east africa .	former	current	original	previous	past	traditional	historic	defunct	historical	nominal	prior
they are a type of reporter gene used in laboratory microbiology , molecular biology , and genetic engineering to indicate the success of a transfection or other procedure meant to introduce foreign dna into a cell .	indicate	determine	identify	signal	confirm	mark	demonstrate	denote	designate	document	display
several other hollywood films are also believed to have been inspired by bollywood films .	inspired	influenced	motivated	adapted	informed	popularized	prompted	affected	spawned	triggered	modelled
winchester college was founded in 1382 by william of wykeham , bishop of winchester and chancellor to both edward iii and richard ii , and the first seventy poor scholars entered the school in 1394 .	scholars	students	fellows	boys	children	pupils	brothers	men	sons	singers	slaves
they consider the period of 1917 to 1991 to have been a period of occupation by the soviet regime which was internationalist and anti-christian .	regime	government	state	union	dictatorship	administration	rule	party	programme	kingdom	ruler
microsoft windows includes an implementation of ssl and tls as part of its secure channel package .	implementation	interpretation	interpreter	encoding	infrastructure	element	endorsement	amalgamation	arrangement	expression	edition
he proceeded to the franco-prussian war in 1870 , and , being taken prisoner at vaucouleurs , he remained in french captivity for three months .	proceeded	went	returned	travelled	marched	participated	undertook	advanced	contributed	embarked	commenced
pind dadan khan tehsil is a subdivision of jhelum district , punjab , pakistan .	subdivision	division	part	municipality	township	tehsil	borough	sector	locality	component	neighbourhood
although these reports did not contain any scores or rankings , the evaluation report for paris was considered the most positive , now followed closely by london which had narrowed down most of the gap observed by the initial evaluation in 2004 regarding paris .	considered	deemed	probably	generally	regarded	arguably	thought	perhaps	called	pronounced	likely
the island of ireland lies only 30 k from the southwestern peninsula of kintyre ; norway is 305 k to the east and the faroes , 270 k to the north .	peninsula	tip	gulf	coastline	region	part	cape	district	point	peak	punta
men are supposed to come to the mosque wearing loose and clean clothes that do not reveal the shape of the body .	reveal	show	hide	reflect	tell	change	conceal	betray	disclose	disguise	display
the kingdom of the franks under charlemagne was particularly hard-hit by these raiders , who could sail down the seine with near impunity .	impunity	freedom	certainty	ease	independence	safety	equality	liberty	accuracy	monopoly	immortality
one day , she was given a home in stergtland as a gift by some rich women after she had cured them successfully and treated them .	successfully	,	well	properly	effectively	unsuccessfully	positively	completely	peacefully	correctly	professionally
gumbasia , a 3 minute 34 second short film produced in 1953 , was the first clay animation produced by art clokey , who went on to create the classic series gumby and davy and goliath using the same technique .	classic	television	popular	cartoon	tv	famous	landmark	1960s	legendary	comedy	iconic
also , the sound of the regional language qawwali can be totally different from that of mainstream qawwali .	mainstream	standard	traditional	conventional	regular	classical	orthodox	mass	contemporary	metropolitan	base
many people see al jazeera as a more trustworthy source of information than government and foreign channels .	trustworthy	reliable	valuable	important	credible	stable	accurate	powerful	authentic	desirable	favorable
the epping ongar railway operates on a preserved railway along the final section of the old great eastern railway and london underground central line branch line between epping and ongar , with an intermediate station at north weald .	final	last	first	second	closing	penultimate	original	terminal	end	intermediate	concluding
in the immunity challenge , koror had an early lead , but ulong made a slight comeback .	slight	small	major	brief	substantial	minor	significant	strong	sudden	faint	gradual
it is also widely believed that the size and number of connections in the prefrontal cortex relates directly to sentience , as the prefrontal cortex in humans occupies a far larger percentage of the brain than any other animal . as the brain has tripled in size over 5 million years of human evolution , the prefrontal cortex has increased in size sixfold .	relates	refers	applies	corresponds	translates	connects	responds	compares	links	binds	engages
during its boom times , beechworth town boasted a range of industries including , a tannery , jewellers , boot makers , a brewery , blacksmiths , livestock sale yards .	livestock	cattle	animal	and	agricultural	sheep	stock	animals	poultry	meat	cow
traditionally , after a long period of consuming gimjang kimchi during the winter , fresh potherbs and vegetables were popular for making kimchi . these kinds of kimchi were not fermented or even stored for long periods of time but were consumed fresh .	period	time	duration	interval	term	stretch	sequence	range	portion	campaign	tenure
still visible throughout former east berlin are the characteristic `` ampelm_nnchen '' on some pedestrian traffic lights .	characteristic	typical	feature	distinctive	features	distinct	signature	pronounced	decorative	trademark	memorable
on 5 february 2007 , apple inc. and apple corps announced a settlement of their trademark dispute under which apple inc. will own all of the trademarks related to `` apple '' and will license certain of those trademarks back to apple corps for their continued use .	announced	signed	released	reached	published	unveiled	established	initiated	ordered	inaugurated	advertised
the head of ornitholestes was relatively small .	relatively	comparatively	fairly	moderately	typically	reasonably	generally	a	traditionally	currently	mana
the northern part of the continent , covering much of siberia was also inaccessible to the steppe nomads due to the dense forests and the tundra .	inaccessible	accessible	unknown	unavailable	invisible	isolated	exposed	uninhabited	unfamiliar	accessibility	inhabited
while at trinity he became more focussed on music , for there he met the folk song collector cecil sharp and composer and folk song enthusiast ralph vaughan williams .	focussed	concentrated	centred	keen	based	fixed	specialised	organised	embarked	concentrating	concentrate
canadian english is the variety of english used in canada . more than 26 million canadians have some knowledge of english .	variety	form	type	style	dialect	version	language	range	spelling	diversity	strain
whedon wanted to create something for television that was more character-driven and gritty than most modern science fiction .	create	make	do	write	develop	produce	establish	find	design	have	present
fought on 22 august 1485 , the battle was won by the lancastrians . their leader henry tudor , earl of richmond , became the first english monarch of the tudor dynasty by his victory and subsequent marriage to a yorkist princess .	monarch	king	sovereign	emperor	ruler	leader	regent	dynasty	rulers	royalty	founder
the books were later adapted into a television series and a feature film .	adapted	developed	turned	arranged	reworked	converted	evolved	adopted	transformed	elaborated	edited
the mtr was immediately popular with residents of hong kong ; as a result , subsequent lines have been built to cover more territory . there are continual debates regarding how and where to expand the mtr network .	immediately	instantly	initially	already	extremely	quickly	very	soon	unexpectedly	promptly	reasonably
it is bounded by munshiganj district and comilla district on the north , noakhali district , lakshmipur district and barisal district on the south , comilla district on the east , and meghna river , shariatpur district and munshiganj district on the west .	bounded	bordered	formed	surrounded	located	contested	defined	signed	affected	identified	contracted
then we see her deliberately contract cholera and be transferred to hospital .	transferred	relocated	shifted	diverted	assigned	donated	migrated	evacuated	reassigned	segregated	elevated
darth maul appears in as the apprentice of sith lord darth sidious who sends him to capture queen padm amidala and eliminate the two jedi , qui-gon jinn and obi-wan kenobi .	capture	catch	kidnap	take	trap	protect	control	marry	arrest	grab	claim
this arrangement provided most of the agricultural labor throughout the middle ages .	provided	furnished	supplied	contained	formed	performed	composed	established	became	was	contracted
roadrunner records is a record label that concentrates primarily on heavy metal bands .	concentrates	focuses	works	focused	focus	plays	specializes	features	is	exists	promotes
ashoka did not completely prohibit the killing of animals ; he prohibited gratuitous killings , he advocated restraint in the number that had to be killed for consumption , protected some of them , and in general condemned violent acts against animals , such as castration .	prohibit	forbid	prevent	ban	eliminate	restrict	regulate	require	suppress	outlaw	oppose
to reduce space and increase reading speed , virtually all braille books are transcribed in what is known as grade 2 braille , which uses a system of contractions to reduce space and speed the process of reading .	reduce	save	preserve	minimize	lower	decrease	contain	conserve	reflect	achieve	resolve
this is a considerably higher total than that of any other european country .	considerably	significantly	slightly	much	substantially	notably	somewhat	comparatively	dramatically	noticeably	markedly
apples require cross-pollination between individuals by insects ; all are self-sterile , and self-pollination is impossible , making pollinating insects essential .	require	need	undergo	include	must	demand	involve	are	perform	assume	mandate
a final violent confrontation with police took place at glenrowan .	confrontation	encounter	clash	showdown	incident	dispute	interaction	skirmish	disturbance	manifestation	breakthrough
a tropical wave , which had previously spawned tropical depression six , interacted with an upper-level low pressure area to develop an area of deep convection near hispaniola on july 23 , 2003 .	previously	recently	initially	earlier	originally	subsequently	formerly	also	briefly	similarly	successively
other females within the social group may assist in the birthing process and tend to the newborns .	newborns	babies	infants	infant	children	births	females	elderly	adolescents	teens	minors
his reign spanned the years from 809 through 823 .	spanned	encompassed	encompasses	covered	embraced	across	traversed	crossed	reached	leapt	clinched
neem karoli was a life-long adept of bhakti yoga , and encouraged service to others as the highest form of unconditional devotion to god .	highest	greatest	lowest	supreme	only	ultimate	maximum	deepest	top	absolute	peak
fives is a british sport believed to derive from the same origins as many racquet sports .	derive	come	originate	stem	develop	generate	descend	differ	arise	distinct	evolve
in 1269 it was the seat of a famous battle during the wars of guelphs and ghibellines and in 1479 it was besieged by neapolitan troops .	besieged	siege	occupied	attacked	fortified	stormed	captured	sacked	evacuated	encircled	raided
gr_nberg and fert have received a number of prestigious prizes and awards for their discovery and contributions to the field of spintronics including the 2007 nobel prize in physics .	received	won	earned	obtained	garnered	accepted	gained	given	awarded	collected	attained
during their trip , aras and cirie made a pact for the final 2 ; while danielle and terry also conspired for their fate in the game during their time on exile .	conspired	plotted	planned	struggled	suffered	fought	wished	battled	worked	compromised	negotiated
gorgoneia that decorate the shields of warriors on mid-5th century greek vases are considerably less grotesque and menacing .	menacing	sinister	ominous	fearful	threatening	dangerous	terrifying	unpleasant	frightening	disturbing	enraged
charon , discovered in 1978 at the united states naval observatory flagstaff station , is the largest satellite of the dwarf planet pluto . following the 2005 discovery of two other natural satellites of pluto , charon may also be referred to as pluto i . the new horizons mission is scheduled to visit charon and pluto in july 2015 .	satellite	moon	body	sphere	spacecraft	target	star	part	mirror	orbit	twin
they are typically specified to withstand an impact of 3600 g and temperatures of over 1,000 c .	typically	usually	commonly	generally	currently	traditionally	frequently	consequently	uniquely	subsequently	annually
if k rei did exist , there is no evidence to suggest that the title tenn was used during the time period to which his reign has been assigned .	evidence	reason	proof	information	indication	support	influence	attempt	testimony	witness	opportunity
once a flourishing saxon riverport , it lies in the waveney valley and is a popular boating center .	lies	lay	is	lays	rests	stands	sits	stretches	plays	falls	lands
the circuit cost approximately us $ 150 million to construct .	construct	build	create	establish	structure	manufacture	make	develop	commence	relocate	comprise
a page that is a redirect can be moved like any other page .	moved	changed	placed	shifted	transferred	relocated	transported	shuffled	migrated	advanced	positioned
then cogswell asked gallaudet to travel to europe to study methods for teaching deaf students , especially those of the braidwood family in edinburgh , scotland .	travel	go	move	journey	come	trip	visit	live	migrate	graduate	publish
he is widely known for his roles as little joe cartwright in bonanza , charles ingalls in little house on the prairie , and jonathan smith in highway to heaven .	widely	commonly	well	also	internationally	broadly	generally	best	popularly	frequently	worldwide
since minamoto no yoritomo launched the shogunate , the true power had been in the hand of the shoguns , who were mistaken several times for the emperors of japan by the chinese government .	launched	started	created	established	founded	initiated	formed	began	inaugurated	unified	commenced
swiss cheese is a generic name common to many countries for several related varieties of cheese which resemble the swiss emmental .	resemble	include	mimic	comprise	shape	represent	approximate	depict	recall	replicate	reproduce
several of these tropical cyclones have caused deaths or heavy property damage , usually due to flooding caused by rain .	caused	suffered	given	killed	produced	helped	made	reached	marked	claimed	influenced
through these feedback processes , the cryosphere plays a significant role in global climate and in climate model response to global change .	significant	major	large	substantial	notable	sizable	critical	noteworthy	distinct	valuable	comparable
about 20 % of patients with acute ischemic colitis may develop a long-term complication known as chronic ischemic colitis .	develop	have	form	establish	become	suffer	experience	show	demonstrate	display	contract
fiction records is a uk formerly indie label , now wholly owned by polydor a subsidiary of universal music group , started by chris parry in 1978 that is best known as being the home of the cure for over 20 years .	owned	operated	controlled	acquired	sold	held	bought	purchased	distributed	funded	integrated
alexander stepanovich popov was a russian physicist who first demonstrated the practical application of electromagnetic waves , although he did not apply for a patent for his invention .	demonstrated	showed	discovered	performed	witnessed	saw	made	exhibited	pioneered	displayed	advocated
in nature , there is a strong evolutionary pressure for animals to blend into their environment or conceal their shape ; for prey animals to avoid predators and for predators to be able to sneak up on prey .	conceal	hide	disguise	mask	reveal	camouflage	cloak	mirror	disguised	obscure	absorb
in switzerland , the constitutional ban on absinthe was repealed in 2000 during an overhaul of the national constitution , although the prohibition was written into ordinary law instead .	prohibition	ban	repeal	restriction	abolition	statute	banning	edict	premise	injunction	pledge
one theory suggests that the source of the name is an ancient finnic language , in which it means `` dark '' and `` turbid '' .	turbid	fair	quiet	rich	yellow	harsh	dry	violent	thin	mad	defiant
the geological composition of rock and soil dictates the type of shore which is created .	dictates	determines	defines	determine	determined	affects	regulates	.	is	define	establishes
he held the imperial seal and could convene all other viziers to attend to affairs of the state ; the viziers in conference were called `` kubbealt viziers '' in reference to their meeting place , the kubbealt in topkap palace .	convene	gather	summon	order	call	invite	meet	request	organize	counsel	prompt
combining their observations with thermal measurements taken in november 2000 , the team estimated the size of the components of the system .	observations	findings	studies	measurements	discoveries	experiences	data	recordings	investigations	errors	operations
many beijing office towers were evacuated , including the building housing the media offices for the organizers of the 2008 summer olympics .	towers	buildings	structures	blocks	complexes	units	offices	floors	cities	flats	centres
the sculpture was made from the same weathering steel as the angel of the north sculpture , which gradually develops a tightly adhering oxide layer as it is exposed to the elements .	gradually	slowly	steadily	progressively	eventually	continuously	successively	subsequently	soon	rapidly	consequently
valzacchi and annina now offer their services to him .	services	support	assistance	skills	duties	expertise	fees	rights	professions	firms	salaries
because carbon dioxide is released at a faster rate through the acid-base reaction than through fermentation , breads made by chemical leavening are called quick breads .	released	produced	created	emitted	discharged	freed	generated	evacuated	raised	liberated	exhaled
many publications , such as the suikoden world guide and suikoden encyclopedia , exist for the suikoden series , though the majority are only in japanese .	exist	are	appear	account	survive	arise	originate	include	persist	excel	differ
as an adult , he was charged with a long list of crimes , including possession of counterfeit money , loitering and prowling , burglary , kidnapping and armed robbery .	loitering	wandering	stalking	roaming	drifting	walking	lingering	looting	jogging	gambling	smuggling
most baseball uniforms have the names and uniform numbers of players who wear them , usually on the backs of the uniforms to distinguish players from one other .	distinguish	identify	separate	differentiate	recognize	different	protect	define	designate	differentiated	divide
it was founded where the nascent sydney to melbourne road crossed water in the form of the yass river .	nascent	developing	new	fledgling	early	original	precursor	forming	newborn	nas	concord
heights are measured to the structural height , which includes architectural elements , but not communications spires or antennas , per the guidelines of the council on tall buildings and urban habitat .	includes	contains	comprises	encompasses	is	covers	represents	combines	meets	emphasizes	remains
the decimal separator or decimal point or decimal comma is a symbol used to mark the boundary between the integral and the fractional parts of a decimal number in a positional numeral system .	boundary	border	frontier	distinction	difference	limit	ground	interface	barrier	division	intermediate
the dam was completed in 1974 and was designed to store water from the indus river for irrigation and flood control , and for the generation of hydro-electric power .	designed	built	constructed	intended	used	developed	created	equipped	engineered	redesigned	structured
particularly , community-building activities that are not strictly `` on topic '' may be allowed , especially when initiated by committed wikipedians with good edit histories .	initiated	started	begun	implemented	organized	prompted	spearheaded	advocated	enacted	executed	inaugurated
xanten is also a popular filming location and the site of many concerts .	site	location	venue	home	scene	host	centre	center	subject	seat	source
a reconnaissance aircraft flight into the system on september 20 reported a well-defined low and strong wind gusts in squalls as the system tracked into the northeastern gulf of mexico , along with limited and disorganized thunderstorm activity .	tracked	moved	rolled	ran	broke	continued	raced	fed	headed	crossed	sped
in electronics , a voltage divider is a simple linear circuit that produces an output voltage that is a fraction of its input voltage . voltage division refers to the partitioning of a voltage among the components of the divider .	produces	generates	has	makes	creates	gives	outputs	yields	leaves	gets	performs
the cynics were an influential group of philosophers from the ancient school of cynicism .	influential	important	early	educated	innovative	elite	eclectic	obscure	inspirational	authoritative	affluent
arche belongs to the carme group , made up of irregular retrograde moons orbiting jupiter at a distance ranging between 23 and 24 gm and at an inclination of about 165 .	irregular	regular	the	small	eccentric	minor	two	elliptic	elliptical	unusual	11
loch ness is best known for the alleged sightings of the legendary loch ness monster , also known as `` nessie '' .	legendary	mythical	famed	eponymous	aforementioned	fictional	mythological	heroic	titular	fictitious	mystical
typically , a fast shutter speed will require a larger aperture to ensure sufficient light exposure , and a slow shutter speed will require a smaller aperture to avoid excessive exposure .	avoid	prevent	eliminate	minimize	ensure	prohibit	achieve	evade	assure	approximate	steer
railways now bypass the three major falls , and much of the trade of central africa passes along the river , including copper , palm oil , sugar , coffee , and cotton .	bypass	traverse	affect	loop	include	skirt	ignore	intercept	disregard	intersect	dismiss
security-enhanced linux is a linux feature that provides a mechanism for supporting access control security policies , including u.s. department of defense style mandatory access controls , through the use of linux security modules in the linux kernel .	provides	includes	offers	presents	is	defines	contains	establishes	forms	develops	constitutes
johns and williams would have spent the next seven months working on a government work party in the local area , before being transferred to millbank prison .	transferred	moved	sent	relocated	assigned	reassigned	shifted	switched	promoted	migrated	swapped
it lies on the southern side of lake constance .	lies	is	lays	sits	stands	rests	forms	plays	falls	runs	exists
an england batting collapse resulted in an innings defeat , denying bradman the opportunity to bat again and so his career average finished at 99.94 ; if he had scored just four runs in his last innings , it would have been 100 . a story developed over the years that claimed bradman missed the ball because of tears in his eyes , a claim bradman denied for the rest of his life .	resulted	occurred	culminated	concluded	led	featured	suffered	reigned	terminated	materialized	participated
the croatia national football team represents the republic of croatia in international football .	represents	serves	hosts	leads	reflects	forms	supports	portrays	delegates	utilizes	depicts
then , on august 15 , 1971 , united states president richard nixon announced that the united states dollar would no longer be convertible to gold , effectively ending the bretton woods system .	convertible	equivalent	fixed	currency	subject	sovereign	equal	monetary	nominal	coined	correlated
after holding the title for just over a month , they dropped them to john cena and batista on the august 4 episode of raw .	dropped	lost	slipped	gave	switched	sold	abandoned	handed	dumped	left	lowered
in general relativity , the effects of gravitation are ascribed to spacetime curvature instead of a force .	ascribed	attributed	assigned	linked	likened	traced	attached	analogous	allocated	restricted	accredited
it is rare and valuable in finer grades and has been prized as a gem and ornamental stone for thousands of years owing to its unique hue .	hue	colour	color	coloration	shade	appearance	quality	sheen	complexion	disposition	coloring
for adam baldwin , who grew up watching westerns , the role of jayne cobb was particularly resonant .	resonant	distinctive	memorable	significant	vocal	controversial	melodic	complex	emotional	contrasting	volatile
the sonata did not enter the mainstream repertoire , but it has been more recently championed by such pianists as marc-andr hamelin .	championed	popularized	performed	influenced	orchestrated	rediscovered	explored	showcased	represented	reworked	prized
a tuning fork or electronic tuning device may be used as a reference pitch , though in ensemble rehearsals often a piano is used .	reference	standard	common	base	guide	fixed	starting	supplementary	relative	nominal	middle
peter became extratropical on december 11 , and was absorbed by a cold front shortly thereafter .	thereafter	afterward	afterwards	later	before	subsequently	beforehand	though	concurrently	throughout	northward
in 2003 , dushku appeared in wrong turn , a horror film in which she had the starring role , and the kiss , an independent comedy-drama .	appeared	featured	starred	acted	played	performed	was	participated	portrayed	debuted	competed
his fighting style is primarily judo but has been modified to fight without the use of a judogi .	primarily	mainly	predominantly	mostly	originally	largely	chiefly	typically	essentially	initially	predominant
in 1901 , an independent governor was again appointed .	appointed	elected	chosen	established	selected	designated	installed	employed	assigned	educated	engaged
the album primarily deals with social issues that the band points on through various songs .	points	focuses	comments	lines	works	touches	speaks	looks	draws	focused	takes
ganymede and callisto , at their maximum separation , are the likeliest targets for potential naked-eye observation .	potential	possible	future	prospective	current	true	distant	apparent	sustained	likely	probable
word processing templates enable the ability to bypass the initial setup and configuration time necessary to create standardized documents such as a resume .	enable	provide	have	allow	facilitate	incorporate	ensure	possess	involve	afford	imply
a state religion is a religious body or creed officially endorsed by the state .	endorsed	approved	supported	sponsored	sanctioned	backed	affiliated	favored	funded	mandated	accredited
the cibf was founded by the general egyptian book organisation , a government publishers and retailers group , in 1969 to coincide with celebrations of the 1000th anniversary of the founding of the city of cairo .	founding	creation	establishment	beginning	building	formation	birth	naming	establishing	setting	settling
it initially was completely dark , but as voyager 2 approached the planet , a bright core developed and can be seen in most of the highest-resolution images .	initially	originally	still	also	first	once	briefly	previously	actually	earlier	subsequently
a perfectly elastic collision is defined as one in which there is no loss of kinetic energy in the collision . an inelastic collision is one in which part of the kinetic energy is changed to some other form of energy in the collision .	kinetic	mechanical	rotational	potential	physical	dynamic	the	momentum	total	collective	quantitative
problems may arise particularly with disposable soft lenses ; if the surface tension between the lens and the finger is too great the lens may turn itself inside out ; alternatively it may fold itself in half . when the lens first contacts the eye , a brief period of irritation may ensue as the eye acclimatizes to the lens and also as dirt on the lens irritates the eye .	irritation	confusion	annoyance	agony	amusement	difficulty	frustration	tingling	friction	tension	complaints
mary toft , also spelled tofts , was an english woman from godalming , surrey , who in 1726 became the subject of considerable controversy when she tricked doctors into believing that she had given birth to rabbits .	controversy	scandal	debate	publicity	criticism	notoriety	dispute	discussion	attention	distinction	prominence
sdlp leader john hume , mp , identified the possibility that a negotiated settlement might be possible and began secret talks with adams in 1988 .	identified	recognized	described	recognised	indicated	determined	observed	examined	uncovered	designated	ernesto
a brief stint on go kart records saw the release of `` fly the flag '' , and now with their latest release of `` windward tides and wayward sails '' in 2003 finds them on union label group .	latest	recent	current	newest	last	previous	newer	youngest	respective	sour	nearest
it is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of union sportive du foyer de la rgie abidjan-niger .	matches	games	events	competitions	purposes	,	tournaments	contests	fixtures	meetings	clubs
for the next several weeks , kozlov was interviewed on wwe programming , proclaiming his love for `` double double e '' but also began drawing a villainous response after declaring his superiority over whatever wrestlers were competing at the time , saying `` i could beat both of them . ''	villainous	negative	fiery	sinister	deadly	sympathetic	hostile	positive	feminine	monstrous	loyalist
according to kojiki , the entrance to yomi lies in izumo province and was sealed off by izanagi-no-mikoto upon his flight from yomi , at which time he permanently blocked the entrance by placing a massive boulder at the base of the slope that leads to yomi . upon his return to ashihara-no-nakatsukuni , izanagi noted that yomi is a `` polluted land '' .	placing	putting	positioning	setting	moving	establishing	building	removing	installing	creating	constructing
the rice plants in the strain can be bred to other rice strains or cultivars , and if desirable plants are produced , these are further bred to stabilize the desirable traits ; the stabilized plants that can be propagated and `` come true '' are given a cultivar name and released into production to be used by farmers .	bred	related	compared	raised	mated	fed	grown	matched	crossed	mixed	cultivated
due to their fast growth , the foremost benefit of these trees is their wood .	foremost	main	chief	primary	sole	principal	premier	paramount	principle	predominant	chiefly
its status as an official geological period was ratified in 2004 by the international union of geological sciences , making it the first new geological period declared in 120 years .	ratified	declared	recognized	stipulated	defined	mandated	proclaimed	secured	concluded	notified	resolved
more specifically , the term stratus is used to describe flat , hazy , featureless clouds of low altitude varying in color from dark gray to nearly white . a `` cloudy day '' usually features a sky filled with stratus clouds obscuring the disk of the sun .	featureless	white	flat	opaque	dry	uniform	circular	thin	homogeneous	barren	triangular
nuremberg was then an important and prosperous city , a center for publishing and many luxury trades .	prosperous	wealthy	flourishing	rich	thriving	affluent	distinguished	desirable	distinct	booming	diverse
super mario 64 is also characterized by featuring more puzzles than earlier mario games .	puzzles	challenges	characters	mysteries	games	clues	problems	squares	difficulties	solutions	constraints
their escapades earned them a cover shot and a nude pictorial in a playboy spread .	pictorial	photo	layout	visual	feature	photographic	nude	mural	cameo	silhouette	additive
in 1971 , she witnessed the impoverished conditions of the trash collectors in cairo , egypt , and decided to live among them .	witnessed	observed	saw	noticed	experienced	demonstrated	encountered	documented	investigated	perceived	learnt
nearby there is the goobang national park , and peak hill which features an open cut mine that can be toured during holidays .	features	has	contains	includes	is	houses	hosts	showcases	forms	boasts	resembles
good friday , also called holy friday , black friday , or great friday , is a holiday observed primarily by adherents to christianity commemorating the crucifixion of jesus and his death at calvary .	primarily	chiefly	predominantly	solely	typically	commonly	worldwide	largely	concurrently	prominently	nationwide
as of , it lies at latitude 66 33 39 south of the equator .	lies	is	lays	sits	rests	resides	stands	exists	appears	falls	lands
along with herculaneum , its sister city , pompeii was destroyed , and completely buried , during a long catastrophic eruption of the volcano mount vesuvius spanning two days in 79 ad .	eruption	explosion	outburst	event	activity	episode	outbreak	volcano	evacuation	ascent	blast
human interference has nearly exterminated them in many areas , and , except for the beech forests of the austrian alps , forests of deciduous trees are rarely found .	rarely	seldom	commonly	occasionally	frequently	never	usually	now	regularly	sparsely	periodically
nakm won , and yaxh was instructed to find a new campsite .	instructed	told	directed	ordered	dispatched	commanded	appointed	entrusted	tasked	mandated	authorised
the sheer weight of the continental icecap sitting on top of lake vostok is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration .	contribute	lead	add	help	correspond	belong	donate	cause	participate	live	result
the album peaked at number 10 on the u.s. billboard 200 chart , selling 48,397 copies in its first week of release ; it was eventually certified gold by the riaa in 2008 .	certified	accredited	recorded	graded	registered	stamped	ranked	verified	deemed	proclaimed	logged
the adjacent town of gzhatsk was renamed gagarin in 1968 in his honor .	adjacent	nearby	neighboring	entire	surrounding	associated	eponymous	contiguous	subsequent	outlying	corresponding
at backlash , benoit retained the world title , after he forced michaels to submit to the sharpshooter .	forced	caused	compelled	demanded	persuaded	ordered	required	induced	obliged	helped	commanded
during the first boer war , the city was besieged by republican forces in december 1880 and march 1881 .	besieged	siege	attacked	fortified	occupied	evacuated	stormed	encircled	contested	stranded	reinforced
one of the defining aspects of the nintendo gamecube is the rejuvenated relationship between nintendo and its licensees . unlike previous generations in which nintendo was seen by some as bullying its third-party game developers , nintendo openly sought game-development aid on the nintendo gamecube .	rejuvenated	new	unique	dynamic	complex	evolving	ongoing	healing	developing	distinctive	shifting
none of your watched items were edited in the time period displayed .	edited	altered	modified	updated	preserved	incorporated	archived	amended	mirrored	integrated	educated
originally made for the apple ii , they were later ported to other platforms .	ported	adapted	translated	converted	transferred	released	localized	licensed	syndicated	serialized	docked
his work is displayed in the museum of modern art in yerevan .	displayed	featured	located	depicted	exhibited	showcased	residing	viewed	stored	interred	reorganized
he was a prolific discoverer of asteroids , discovering 122 in all , from 136 austria in 1874 to 1073 gellivara in 1923 .	discovering	finding	identifying	making	detecting	naming	numbering	locating	attracting	starting	pioneering
males usually weigh about 500 lbs , but very large & old specimens can reach up to 2000 lbs .	specimens	males	fossils	animals	strains	organisms	creatures	examples	individuals	beings	recruits
it was used to signify those who appreciated austen in the `` wrong '' way and the term , according to lynch , is `` now used almost exclusively about and against other people '' .	signify	represent	distinguish	indicate	identify	denote	designate	recognise	affect	address	attract
a committee of the institute appoints the laureates for the nobel prize in physiology or medicine .	laureates	candidates	nominees	judges	winners	nominee	prizes	recipients	winner	trustees	recipient
montgomery county of the u.s. state of maryland is situated just north of washington , d.c. and southwest of baltimore .	situated	located	found	positioned	placed	based	established	seated	in	a	presently
this spelling was later corrupted to ouisconsin by other french explorers , and over time this version became the french name for both the wisconsin river and the surrounding lands .	version	name	word	form	variant	also	variation	eventually	later	spelling	pronunciation
several people required rescue assistance , and in comal county a car accident caused three fatalities .	caused	suffered	had	killed	and	,	formed	involved	occurred	marked	influenced
schigolch removes the body while geschwitz contemplates suicide , an idea she gives up when she realizes that lulu will not be moved by it .	removes	takes	destroys	discovers	receives	keeps	protects	moves	collects	separates	oversees
anti-tank dogs were dogs taught to carry explosives to tanks , armored vehicles and other military targets .	targets	weapons	structures	vehicles	obstacles	positions	purposes	locations	formations	engagements	venues
a historic organ was installed in it by the austrian firm rieger , in 1907 .	installed	constructed	placed	erected	housed	established	inaugurated	planted	implemented	seated	interred
the birthday cake is traditionally highly decorated , and typically covered with lit candles when presented , the number of candles signifying the age of the celebrant .	traditionally	typically	usually	historically	commonly	often	a	consequently	uniquely	structurally	pronounced
he secured a top post at the vienna state opera in 1943 , eventually becoming music director .	secured	held	took	reached	obtained	clinched	occupied	attained	earned	got	established
the family - mother , father , old woman , young man , baby , and dog - are attempting to eat pieces of metal , such as chains , bicycle handlebars , and rifles .	attempting	trying	beginning	struggling	known	determined	intending	appearing	preparing	failing	aspiring
in wales , four church of england dioceses were disestablished in 1920 , becoming separated from the church of england in the process and subsequently becoming the church in wales .	separated	distinct	independent	detached	different	estranged	isolated	divided	segregated	distant	autonomous
in the 19th century and the first part of the 20th , baseball shoes were commonly black in color .	commonly	usually	often	typically	generally	primarily	mostly	frequently	predominantly	rarely	prevalent
hydrostatic equilibrium occurs when compression due to gravity is balanced by a pressure gradient which creates a pressure gradient force in the opposite direction .	compression	pressure	acceleration	force	expansion	contraction	deformation	movement	lift	gravity	vibration
the true cross is the name for physical remnants which , by a christian tradition , are believed to be from the cross upon which jesus was crucified .	remnants	elements	relics	fragments	items	debris	traces	artifacts	ruins	belongings	shards
seafloor spreading occurs at mid-ocean ridges , where new oceanic crust is formed through volcanic activity and then gradually moves away from the ridge .	gradually	slowly	steadily	then	eventually	successively	progressively	generally	rapidly	continuously	systematically
in 1887 the school relocated to the east lake community of birmingham .	relocated	moved	shifted	removed	migrated	transitioned	departed	displaced	deployed	constructed	dispersed
some han chinese believe they share common ancestors , mythically ascribed to the patriarchs yellow emperor and yan emperor , some thousands of years ago .	mythically	variously	commonly	often	supposedly	famously	usually	sometimes	falsely	loosely	wrongly
simms works alongside co-host and designer daniel kucan to redecorate a room of a home in just two days and with only $ 2,500 .	redecorate	design	decorate	create	make	transform	restore	change	rebuild	reform	complete
pikachu is among the most recognizable pokmon , largely because a pikachu is a central character in the pokmon anime series . pikachu is widely considered the most popular pokmon , is regarded as the official mascot of the pokmon franchise , and has become an icon of japanese culture in recent years .	considered	regarded	deemed	recognized	thought	known	called	among	likely	arguably	titled
harvey became a strong extratropical storm during the night on august 8 and survived another few days before dissipating northwest of the azores on august 14 .	survived	lived	stayed	lasted	continued	endured	went	for	sustained	persisted	preserved
in response to the weather system , the american national weather service issued wind watches for the oregon coast .	response	answer	reference	reaction	addition	relation	order	reply	contrast	opposition	correspondence
it reached a peak position of number thirty-seven on the billboard hot modern rock tracks chart .	reached	achieved	attained	had	hit	obtained	made	got	peaked	climbed	scored
pskov is an ancient city located in the north-west of russia about east from the estonian border , on the velikaya river .	located	found	situated	,	residing	founded	established	living	-	relocated	discovered
the major scale may predominate the minor scale in western music because of its unique harmonic properties ; in particular the major third is much stronger in the harmonic series than the minor third .	particular	general	fact	which	this	that	instance	addition	such	consequence	example
so impressed was rostropovich with his young pupil that at the end of her study with him , he declared her `` the only cellist of the younger generation that could equal and overtake own achievement . ''	declared	called	deemed	considered	proclaimed	made	announced	designated	pronounced	stated	termed
the marriage was marked from the outset by sexual passion and emotional insensitivity when tolstoy , on the eve of their marriage , gave her his diaries detailing his extensive sexual past and the fact that one of the serfs on his estate had borne him a son .	outset	beginning	first	start	onset	earliest	beginnings	commencement	inception	foundations	forefront
born as alfons karg , he was trained as a telecommunications technician , but soon became disenchanted with this profession .	profession	occupation	discipline	trade	practice	field	industry	hobby	specialty	sector	technician
some features , however , are reminiscent of the scout movement .	reminiscent	typical	characteristic	distinctive	indicative	reflective	features	derivative	descriptive	customary	skeptical
the shinto pantheon alone consists of an uncountable number of kami .	consists	exists	composed	includes	comprises	speaks	features	resides	occurs	portions	compose
this message earned saddam a great deal of popularity in many sectors of the arab world .	sectors	parts	regions	areas	segments	aspects	quarters	spheres	districts	tracts	strands
suddenly there was a scattering of fire , which three outfielders caught the brunt ; the centerfield was hit and was captured , left and right field managed to get back to our lines .	managed	tried	attempted	struggled	able	had	scrambled	helped	began	fought	succeeded
`` c158 ( cf ex r145 ) `` the provincial in councilor the superior ofthe delegation in councilsets the financial competency of local superiorsand their councilsand determines which assets can be managed by individualoblates and by local superiors and their councils .	managed	controlled	owned	kept	sold	maintained	handled	administered	monitored	governed	regulated
business development manager strategic alliances this individual will be responsible for coordinating , negotiating , launching , and managing accuity 's partner relationships .	managing	maintaining	running	overseeing	promoting	coordinating	administering	controlling	directing	addressing	governing
a married woman retains ownership of any property she brought to the marriage , but the husband has the right to manage the property and to enjoy profits from the property .	manage	maintain	oversee	control	use	administer	keep	run	govern	monitor	coordinate
we do not need to ask for your specific permission to do these things , as explained below : treatment partners health care providers will use and share your health information to provide and manage your health care and related services .	manage	maintain	coordinate	monitor	administer	promote	oversee	use	control	run	provide
according to a white house press release , al-taqwa and its affiliates `` raise , manage , invest , and distribute funds for al-qaeda ; provide terrorist supporters with internet service and secure telephone communications ; and arrange for the shipment of weapons .	manage	administer	own	organize	maintain	monitor	coordinate	oversee	run	organise	edit
that is , if the average person ( say this is 98 % of people ) amasses 10 things , if i manage to acquire 20 things then perhaps my account is not worth twice as much but maybe 10x or 100x as much as average .	manage	try	get	attempt	decide	happen	begin	succeed	move	proceed	realize
there are different types of managed care systems .	managed	administered	contracted	health	monitored	mental	coordinated	nonprofit	supervised	disciplined	guided
saddam hussein did n't manage to defeat the iranians .	manage	try	want	attempt	get	have	succeed	seem	begin	appear	happen
the m107 program is managed by the project manager soldier weapons with engineering support provided by picatinny 's armament research , development and engineering center .	managed	overseen	headed	administered	run	coordinated	led	directed	maintained	steered	monitored
rubinstein held the gambit pawn with 4.bf4 and 7.qd5 , but his neglect of kingside development was severely punished .	severely	greatly	harshly	heavily	drastically	extensively	strongly	often	deeply	ultimately	markedly
this veteran , the oldest pensioner in great britain , entered the army in 1758 , and was severely wounded at the battle of quebec under general wolfe , in consequence of which he became an out-pensioner of chelsea hospital , and continued so for the period of seventy-five years .	severely	badly	greatly	seriously	heavily	fatally	mortally	strongly	extensively	harshly	permanently
perhaps the effect of west nile virus is sufficient to extinguish endemic birds already severely stressed by habitat losses .	severely	strongly	greatly	deeply	significantly	substantially	drastically	extensively	permanently	markedly	vigorously
she looked as severely as she could muster at draco .	severely	deeply	fiercely	badly	strongly	well	harshly	anxiously	profoundly	solemnly	nasty
a day before he was due to return to the united states patton was severely injured in a road accident .	severely	badly	seriously	greatly	heavily	fatally	strongly	extensively	profoundly	permanently	physically
use market tools to address environmental issues , such as eliminating subsidies for industries that severely harm the environment , like coal .	severely	greatly	significantly	strongly	badly	substantially	profoundly	drastically	seriously	markedly	extensively
this picture was severely damaged in the flood of 1913 and has rarely been seen until now .	severely	badly	greatly	heavily	significantly	extensively	strongly	drastically	seriously	moderately	substantially
i was very disappointed when the author did not go into detail about how he regained his faith after having it severely undermined by his early studies in theology at university .	severely	greatly	strongly	significantly	drastically	fatally	seriously	harshly	markedly	permanently	physically
we do continue to support research on the differentiation of adult precursor cells into beta cells , but that 's a severely limited field in terms of how successful it has been .	severely	greatly	somewhat	very	highly	drastically	strictly	moderately	strongly	notably	densely
mutual funds are so severely conflicted that they will not avail themselves of the alleged benefits of the proposed rule .	severely	badly	strongly	highly	deeply	greatly	drastically	harshly	profoundly	extensively	markedly
however , the examination will be detailed if the applicant expressly requests it ( for example , at the same time as filing the demand ) , or if the applicant files amendments and/or arguments ( for example , in response to the international search report , with the demand or in response to a written opinion ; see below ) .	examination	question	test	evaluation	study	investigation	answer	interview	inspection	document	attempt
from the previous examination last week the auto-immune deficiency could also be excluded .	examination	assessment	evaluation	diagnosis	illness	investigation	inspection	observation	attempt	event	item
readers will appreciate this well-researched examination .	examination	investigation	study	evaluation	assessment	edition	inspection	question	reading	undertaking	elevation
as well , he will continue his examination of the transatlantic connections that fuelled the slave trade .	examination	investigation	study	analysis	evaluation	inspection	assessment	exploration	identification	index	recovery
the us ranks 37th in a world health organization examination of the world 's health care systems .	examination	assessment	study	evaluation	review	investigation	inspection	index	audit	estimate	inventory
40 among studies that found differences in procedure use in sex-discordant pairings , these differences have been seen largely in sex-specific services such as mammography screening , 25 , 35 , 39 prostate examination , 39 and pelvic examination or papanicolaou smear testing , 25 , 35 , 39 selected procedures that may have produced differences in use rates because of their sex-specific nature .	examination	inspection	image	evaluation	assessment	investigation	injury	attempt	ultrasound	index	elevation
the photograph on the surface does not show a conflict or an irony , but with close examination , the punctum -the element which stands out and punctures the stadium -becomes apparent .	examination	inspection	observation	investigation	study	scrutiny	evaluation	approach	analysis	image	imaging
examination questions , 1961-1965 examination questions , ca 1961-1965 , 30 cm ( c.1 , c.21 ) examination question papers for various courses arranged alphabetically by subject and session .	examination	educational	evaluation	study	assessment	question	intermediate	inspection	entrance	interval	item
examination leave also includes the mornings of days in which examinations are held in the afternoon as well as the time spent travelling to and from the examination centre .	examination	event	educational	evaluation	undergraduate	study	intellectual	inspection	election	item	interval
i was given cardiovascular tests , including treadmill stress tests and ultrasound examinations of my heart , but apparently , things were n't bad enough that i was singled out for consultation .	examinations	images	assessments	scans	investigations	readings	photographs	inspections	alterations	impressions	indices
galls indeed arise from the stinging of the plant tissues by the ovipositors of female gall wasps , and the egg laid in the plant tissues develops inside the gall into a grub , which eventually emerges full-grown and transformed into a mature gall wasp .	gall	worm	parasitic	butterfly	spider	thorn	sting	serpent	dwarf	orchid	emerald
these include laparoscopic gall bladder surgery and reflux disease surgery , non-cardiac thoracoscopic chest surgery , and certain cardiotomy procedures such as mitral valve repair .	gall	bile	large	loose	renal	abdominal	pouch	and	yellow	duct	recovered
`` ( adams , pp.196-9 ) what arrogance and gall it took to write those words and demand that they be spoken by native tongues .	gall	pride	courage	vanity	guts	passion	hostility	nerve	ambition	strength	deception
in the case of my gall bladder removal , i was out the next day .	gall	bladder	loose	renal	abdominal	rubber	fiber	ur	lemon	duct	elliptical
even galls that formed on their trunks were eaten .	galls	those	rocks	buds	stones	balls	spines	nuts	ones	fruits	worms
come to my woman 's breasts , and take my milk for gall , you murdering ministers , wherever in your sightless substances you wait on nature 's mischief !	gall	you	me	yourself	it	ever	yourselves	him	gold	strength	thee
and the morans have the gall to ruin beethoven 's 6th in the process , too .	gall	right	power	chance	nerve	opportunity	luck	fortune	balls	charm	notion
galls indeed arise from the stinging of the plant tissues by the ovipositors of female gall wasps , and the egg laid in the plant tissues develops inside the gall into a grub , which eventually emerges full-grown and transformed into a mature gall wasp .	galls	they	these	does	it	insects	earthquakes	and	disturbances	spines	spines
in boston magazine 's glowing blurb on via matta , it had the extraordinary gall to say this : `` via matta has unquestionably found its niche with boston 's it crowd .	gall	courage	right	ability	power	fortune	sense	distinction	wit	freedom	opportunity
`` what is the world to do in the face of these grim predictions ?	grim	dire	bleak	dreadful	terrible	ominous	ill	sinister	awful	bloody	hopeful
`` he too can only watch in deepening despair as the grim work proceeds . '' looks more like resignation to me , but audiovision is not interested in letting us make up our own minds . `` finally , the military police carry the crates away for disposal . '' no , they just take them away .	grim	terrible	sinister	dirty	dark	evil	hard	great	awful	bloody	unfinished
i 'd rather go face down , fast , in a plate of chili at 76 than suffer the grim attenuations of mental decay and wander off this mortal plane at 78 .	grim	terrible	dire	awful	deadly	ill	hideous	dull	sinister	slow	lethal
vincent van gogh in 1880 was a 27-year-old failure : a despised and rejected clergyman in a grim backwater mining town in belgium .	grim	poor	miserable	bleak	small	tiny	harsh	fictional	crumbling	deadly	brooding
hoarding and saving react with grim vengeance .	grim	a	deadly	bloody	brutal	sinister	murderous	the	ill	lethal	wry
`` once that grim reality had sunk in , kubrick 's response was an extraordinary tribute to sellers as an actor : `` we ca n't replace him with another actor , we 've got to get an authentic character from life , someone whose acting career is secondary-a real-life cowboy .	grim	dire	dreadful	harsh	sinister	greater	deadly	new	fearful	ill	grand
their trip had been a grim struggle with wet pitches , friable rock and bad bolts : they had reached the 1979 limit , but failed to go further .	grim	bloody	terrible	miserable	deadly	dire	dreadful	poor	tough	bleak	lethal
i 'm concerned that they 're so grim and angry .	grim	dark	unhappy	somber	worried	solemn	serious	pale	haggard	stern	brooding
`` that 's lawrence kaplan ' s grim verdict from baghdad .	grim	own	solemn	bloody	first	awful	bleak	ill	grand	optimistic	convict
it started out looking pretty grim but we had pretty good rainfall in april and may .	grim	bad	terrible	bleak	awful	cold	shitty	ill	negative	gloom	hopeful
due to china 's economic reliance on trade , balance of payments should be the main factor for judging whether the yuan exchange rate is reasonable .	reasonable	consistent	substantial	acceptable	favorable	unreasonable	suitable	adequate	respectable	valid	legitimate
copyright law already addressed the issue in a much more reasonable manner .	reasonable	conservative	favorable	restrictive	compact	modest	satisfactory	suitable	substantial	desirable	plausible
`` what we require now is the co-operation from the federal government to provide a flow of mortgage money through cmhc at reasonable interest rates and to encourage the conventional loans to be channelled into smaller units so that we may have the opportunity of the best housing and building programme in canada in 1971 .	reasonable	moderate	good	certain	respectable	acceptable	favorable	substantial	favourable	affordable	unreasonable
for reasonable people , sure that 'll suffice .	reasonable	some	certain	most	unreasonable	sensible	substantial	small	rational	those	moderate
your objective should be to negotiate a contract type and price ( or estimated fee and cost ) that will result in reasonable contractor risk and provide the contractor with the greatest incentive for efficient and economical contract performance .	reasonable	substantial	minimal	acceptable	unreasonable	a	considerable	the	moderate	certain	indicative
and if no exact & safe equilibrium can be introduced , it is more reasonable that a preponderating weight shd . be allowed to the greater interest than to the lesser .	reasonable	likely	desirable	plausible	certain	acceptable	sensible	necessary	substantial	suitable	compact
besides overseeing the operation of pipeda and dealing with complaints , i can conduct audits into organizations ' personal information-handling practices , if we have reasonable grounds .	reasonable	suitable	sufficient	valid	rational	substantial	acceptable	legitimate	adequate	certain	lawful
the matter of the further evidence may then be heard when the other party has had reasonable opportunity to prepare submissions on the matter .	reasonable	the	an	adequate	sufficient	good	substantial	ample	some	sensible	legitimate
this will allow state-licensed health-care providers to utilize safe , non-fda approved , alternative therapies that have a reasonable expectation of therapeutic gain if the patient has been fully informed about the treatment .	reasonable	good	substantial	modest	legitimate	rational	valid	certain	minimal	decent	moderate
( 2 ) in a civil action under subsection ( a ) of this section , the court , in its discretion , may allow the prevailing party , other than the united states , a reasonable attorney 's fee and costs .	reasonable	modest	substantial	minimal	set	moderate	small	lawful	certain	legitimate	prompt
it is relatively simple to find lenses which will maintain reasonably good central resolution the central resolution , but thus far , i have not been able to achieve an edge resolution better than about 0.1 mm with `` off the shelf `` lenses .	thus	so	by	hence	therefore	thereby	this	as	however	consequently	since
the calculation is based on the loan 's original principal , so fellows who are not recent graduates , and thus have been making loan payments , are treated the same as new graduates .	thus	therefore	they	so	thereby	hence	consequently	who	since	subsequently	historically
thus for example , ophthalmologists will need to know in a given population how many people of a particular age group and/or sex will suffer a retina detachment in the course of a year .	thus	so	and	therefore	hence	then	consequently	because	thereby	while	as
although he 's pitched 200 innings for the first time since mike had a girlfriend ( 200 innings being 6 more than any met has pitched this season thus far ) , pedro has , again , seemed annoyingly off-balance lately .	thus	so	hence	as	thereby	therefore	by	this	consequently	since	while
grey 's reformist doctrines can thus be seen , not as an attempt to set out on the road to democracy , but as a means to strengthen the power of his own class , the aristocracy .	thus	therefore	thereby	then	also	now	consequently	simply	likewise	hence	similarly
a clear imperative thus confronts american progressives -- that intricate ( and frequently fragile ) web of communities comprised of people of color , feminists , gays and lesbians , the poor and working class , as well as ethnic whites who value ethnicity , indeed all who have been systematically disenfrancised and dehumanized under the once ascendant `` traditional values `` of pre-civil rights america .	thus	thereby	consequently	then	likewise	presently	briefly	meanwhile	similarly	fairly	lastly
we struggle to think of any other minority group in society who would be so easily and conveniently stereotyped and are saddened that law abiding , genuine football supporters of both sexes , all ages and backgrounds who want to stand are thus thought of and portrayed as would be hooligans merely because they prefer to stand .	thus	consequently	commonly	thereby	similarly	so	simply	frequently	likewise	accordingly	negatively
the kind of control he exercises is thus likely to be limited to `` passive `` control such as inspection of produced goods and testing to insure that quality standards are being met .	thus	therefore	consequently	most	thereby	hence	so	however	fairly	accordingly	likewise
thus they can connect with `` who found them `` .	thus	so	therefore	and	that	then	hence	consequently	thereby	while	since
the experiment also helps us in understanding the language of dreams , and thus begins the process of interpretation .	thus	thereby	therefore	so	hence	this	it	consequently	subsequently	accordingly	similarly
going to court : civil trial procedure this pamphlet explains what happens when you go to court about civil cases involving negligence or damages .	civil	human	a	legal	criminal	complex	current	private	general	new	regular
with all due respect to our civil authorities and lawmakers , we are called to testify by word and action , to the essential truths of our faith .	civil	legal	public	human	local	own	colonial	current	secular	judicial	legislative
it is contrary to the spirit of civil law , and to the natural working of economic law .	civil	the	natural	human	roman	public	economic	ecclesiastical	secular	commercial	tax
yes , we occasionally get into some heated discussions here , and the language can get a bit colorful at times , but in general , the posters are relatively civil and well-behaved .	civil	human	polite	fair	neutral	neat	mild	friendly	humane	nice	sympathetic
lionel , singapore lebanon has overcome all adversities in the past , ranging from civil wars to israeli invasion .	civil	local	world	domestic	two	national	colonial	revolutionary	regular	the	petty
this means combating corruption , building strong and accountable public sectors which have the necessary staff to deliver vital services , and ensuring that parliaments , civil society , and the media can monitor public spending and act as watchdogs against corruption .	civil	human	the	public	social	open	legal	a	new	liberal	popular
truly classy people find a way to be polite , civil and courteous .	civil	formal	human	neutral	polite	humane	nasty	legitimate	regular	confidential	neat
not just another period piece on germany 's disturbing past , this film should have deep resonance for today 's movie fans who are concerned about civil and human rights .	civil	social	human	legal	freedom	rights	peace	poverty	personal	minority	plural
spontaneous gestures are a pie in the face of civil society .	civil	human	the	modern	social	a	public	regular	liberal	formal	petty
since civil discourse in our country is increasingly lacking , and the word insanity in this context implies a lack of such civility , how can that be a good thing for anybody or the mark of a great president ? eh , one episode , wha-evuh .	civil	public	political	social	human	liberal	such	intellectual	polite	the	modern
the pulses were either short or long , representing the dots and dashes of morse code .	pulses	signals	rings	segments	beats	digits	spikes	sounds	patterns	rods	codes
the river has always been the pulse of the town , although the reasons have changed slightly over the years .	pulse	heart	spirit	heartbeat	backbone	essence	beat	life	pace	tonic	bp
non alcohol related questions & answers q. i take a fair amount of exercise on a training machine , and my pulse is 110 at the end of the session .	pulse	heart	rate	heartbeat	beat	pace	signature	adrenaline	ratio	expression	bp
most of the time , it lies hidden beneath the noise and confusion of our everyday lives , a quiet pulse that almost unconsciously drives us forward to this day and the next .	pulse	beat	rhythm	heartbeat	heart	pace	consciousness	throbbing	spark	surge	void
on examination the knee was found to be swollen , and distal limb pulses were absent .	pulses	rings	veins	nerves	signals	spurs	spikes	beats	leads	chambers	punches
sustained bass notes and ambient pulses keep things gently swirling .	pulses	beats	percussion	sounds	rhythms	currents	themes	strains	synthesizers	blasts	shocks
prevalence of different agro-ecological tracts has made it possible to grow a multitude of over 60 crops ranging from typical tropical ones to moderate temperate varieties including cereals such as rice , wheat . maize , millet , beans , pulses and oilseeds : industrial crops such as cotton , jute , rubber , sugar cane , toddy palm , tobacco and spices , and many others both edible and non-edible .	pulses	peas	potatoes	nuts	vegetables	grains	peanuts	roots	beans	hips	staples
it 's also present in adequate quantities in dairy products , eggs and nuts , as well as in combinations of foods such as pulses and grains .	pulses	vegetables	beans	nuts	grains	peas	potatoes	roots	onions	peanuts	staples
but he could feel the whale was sensing him with sound pulses .	pulses	currents	beats	vibrations	breaths	rings	blasts	readings	shivers	cues	strains
she drank a great deal of coffee and had a rapid , thin pulse .	pulse	heart	heartbeat	rhythm	pace	beat	expression	surge	consciousness	prompt	pacing
go `` he leaves and she sits down in the chair , looks over the figures and mutters softly to herself as she reaches for the mouse .	softly	quietly	slowly	gently	faintly	silently	loudly	briefly	deeply	lightly	firmly
the best small cars ride smoothly , even over uneven road surfaces , but are not so softly sprung that they wallow when turning , braking or accelerating .	softly	gently	lightly	quietly	sweetly	firmly	easily	faintly	closely	subtly	prominently
it was falling on every part of the dark central plain , on the treeless hills , falling softly upon the bog of allen and , farther westward , softly falling into the dark mutinous shannon waves .	softly	gently	quietly	slowly	steadily	lightly	low	heavily	gradually	largely	faintly
it should not be that a son should remember his father for having tapped the table after a meal ... smiling softly , he touched his knuckles to his lips .	softly	gently	slowly	faintly	quietly	warmly	tenderly	slightly	lightly	briefly	deeply
finally she smiled softly and told him , `` as a matter of fact i did .	softly	gently	slowly	quietly	faintly	warmly	tenderly	deeply	briefly	steadily	sharply
the wood was softly polished , the bronze had a beautiful green	softly	gently	lightly	quietly	deeply	faintly	slightly	slowly	steadily	subtly	mildly
that day , said the father softly with tears now rolling down his face , the boys from both teams helped bring a piece of true love and humanity into this world .	softly	quietly	gently	loudly	,	slowly	faintly	sharply	firmly	roughly	gracie
and , hissing softly with the voice of fire , and brightening to a wrathful , terrible gold , the demon leapt forward to do battle with the beast , even as it had promised me , in return for its freedom after cycles of captivity .	softly	gently	quietly	faintly	slowly	sharply	loudly	steadily	strongly	heavily	prominently
nia steps beside rafe , her hands gripping softly on the straps of her backpack .	softly	gently	quietly	firmly	hard	strongly	briefly	deeply	warmly	lightly	roughly
in the front seat stel and dominic are chuckling softly at us and dominic slides in a tape of sky-noise .	softly	gently	quietly	loudly	warmly	slowly	faintly	steadily	deeply	mildly	gracie
if we divide any number by 4 , we would get 1 or 2 or 3 , as the remainders .	remainders	numbers	integers	fraction	survivors	consequence	halves	resultant	gains	margins	reductions
only one third of the young people questioned said that they had recently had a satiating meal . , the remainder could not remember when they last had one .	remainder	rest	latter	majority	minority	multitude	survivors	bulk	handful	fraction	minorities
the majority of subjects , 90 percent , came from the metropolitan seattle area , with the remainder coming from across the united states .	remainder	rest	majority	latter	bulk	minority	other	portion	survivors	minorities	fraction
humor books , which are ephemeral , and appeal to a narrow audience , often go out of print quickly ; they are especially likely to turn up at remainder houses or remainder tables in bookstores .	remainder	rest	portion	number	settlement	percentage	bulk	assembly	minority	fraction	disposition
the remainder of the soup list evokes eastern europe , comprising soljanka , a ruddy vegetable-based soup containing a significant fraction of some unfortunate animal ( $ 4.50 ) and a sweetish roasted beet soup ( $ 4 ) .	remainder	rest	majority	bulk	portion	entirety	latter	proportion	minority	nucleus	resultant
however , with only .14 of an inch falling the remainder of the month , this left only 2.86 for the month , or .69 of an inch below normal .	remainder	rest	majority	entirety	midst	bulk	duration	portion	minority	conclusion	termination
jimfurtado - this thread is the sum of a remainder of an unbalanced equation inherent to the programming of the primate .	remainder	portion	fraction	majority	sum	resultant	consequence	proportion	reduction	surplus	contradiction
of course a whole number can be negative and we have to agree what we mean by the remainder in this case ; for example , what is the remainder of -12 when we divide it by 10 ?	remainder	sum	number	rest	fraction	integers	reduction	proportion	converse	resultant	contradiction
cost : $ 1,990.00 for the eleven day trip , ( payable with a non- refundable deposit of $ 500 by july 31 , 2001 and the remainder by september 1 , 2001 ) .	remainder	rest	latter	portion	majority	bulk	duration	percentage	fraction	entirety	minority
if there is one child then the first $ 20,000 would go to the widow or widower and the remainder would be divided equally , half to the child and half to the widow .	remainder	rest	portion	majority	minority	proportion	proceeds	portions	fraction	surplus	resultant
the rapid disintegration of apparently strong and united countries , and the bitter internal conflicts which usually followed , has made a real impact in rangoon .	apparently	once	seemingly	historically	usually	a	previously	supposedly	relatively	formerly	otherwise
for example in 1794 a man called isaac rooke was found apparently dead in a close near nottingham .	apparently	found	supposedly	suddenly	seemingly	reportedly	evidently	presumably	shot	mostly	oddly
moreover , play seems not only inefficient because of its vigor ; it seems to be sometimes downright dangerous , exposing the organism to apparently unnecessary risks .	apparently	evidently	seemingly	supposedly	obviously	allegedly	some	suddenly	reportedly	presumably	mostly
however , this apparently crushing blow early in a promising career took a strange twist .	apparently	seemingly	suddenly	supposedly	notably	unusually	unexpectedly	reportedly	oddly	abruptly	importantly
the rest of the world is apparently not doing too differently or even better , whatever the latter may mean in consequence .	apparently	clearly	supposedly	obviously	evidently	probably	either	also	suddenly	somehow	seemingly
the chilling conclusion is that apparently fairly modest changes in initial conditions can produce huge differences in the final outcome .	apparently	seemingly	supposedly	usually	a	surprisingly	historically	suddenly	notably	typically	importantly
`` the system apparently requires nothing more than an internet connection and a web browser to use -- no software or hardware required .	apparently	evidently	supposedly	actually	obviously	clearly	seemingly	unfortunately	somehow	suddenly	surprisingly
the world has been apparently powerless to do anything about it .	apparently	seemingly	suddenly	mostly	notably	supposedly	absolutely	surprisingly	reportedly	unexpectedly	systematically
in those twenty years , the national highway traffic safety administration has apparently never deemed the location of the malibu 's fuel system to be a problem .	apparently	evidently	reportedly	seemingly	supposedly	clearly	obviously	since	surprisingly	oddly	remarkably
apparently you had to write in to the show requesting tickets at least 9 months in advance .	apparently	supposedly	evidently	actually	once	originally	obviously	somehow	somewhere	clearly	importantly
finno-ugrian languages , in the widest sense of the word , share a few core vocabulary items , though when critically examined , the number of satisfactory etymologies appears smaller than was thought earlier ( janhunen 1981 ; sammallahti 1988 ) .	earlier	before	later	previously	originally	of	older	initially	already	otherwise	sooner
if you wish to collect your robes earlier you should contact the above number to arrange collection .	earlier	later	,	now	today	before	already	originally	otherwise	urgently	previously
it is possible that if he had gone earlier he may have recovered .	earlier	later	before	longer	sooner	older	previously	quicker	originally	already	otherwise
finding it earlier would have saved me lots of time and made it easier to work with my architect .	earlier	later	now	before	sooner	today	originally	original	older	otherwise	initially
i came to this realization later than some older and more perceptive scientists , but , even so , earlier than many others .	earlier	later	older	sooner	longer	late	quicker	higher	before	also	faster
many countries have changed policies to allow investments that earlier might have been prohibited or been otherwise difficult .	earlier	once	previously	later	originally	otherwise	either	already	often	today	historically
earlier , during world war i , hitler was an isolated human being , scorned for his strange pathetic ramblings .	earlier	later	previously	however	originally	once	already	today	initially	older	historically
i mentioned that i would be seeing this new dr regarding counselling and psychology , jan thinks it is a good idea and it would probably help me , as i 'd missed out earlier .	earlier	before	already	previously	once	later	originally	either	yesterday	sooner	8
the key to public choice , as you said earlier , is common sense .	earlier	before	later	yesterday	today	previously	originally	already	recently	elsewhere	otherwise
we have measures in place to keep it that way , `` spokeswoman maeve o'beirne said . [ the key point is whether the us should have acted a week earlier given the fact that france had imported 20,000 sheep from the uk during the critical period .	earlier	later	before	ago	sooner	after	prior	older	previously	beforehand	,
do not be swayed by herd constraints -- know that you are working on another level entirely from the rest of the world .	entirely	completely	different	altogether	separate	distinct	apart	equally	exactly	distinctly	exclusively
the prohibitive cost of heroin in alice springs is keeping the drug off the streets but not entirely out of the town .	entirely	completely	quite	altogether	exactly	all	equally	almost	eating	substantially	emerging
if you link to any such websites you will leave the business essentials website and do so entirely at your own risk .	entirely	wholly	completely	immensely	largely	exclusively	strictly	altogether	intentionally	solely	extensively
usually , these test questions are based entirely on the material covered in the text .	entirely	only	solely	completely	mostly	wholly	exclusively	mainly	altogether	equally	extensively
here are some of the principal sources for evidence in inductive arguments : 1 . in essays on literature , the evidence comes almost entirely from the text of the work you are evaluating , that is , from the words on the page .	entirely	completely	exclusively	wholly	solely	equally	all	exactly	surely	altogether	invariably
both schemes are funded entirely from general revenue and non-contributory .	entirely	wholly	solely	completely	directly	mostly	exclusively	mainly	altogether	equally	extensively
still , even against all odds , they have decided to put hope entirely on what they see as a fresh start .	entirely	altogether	based	only	equally	exclusively	wholly	absolutely	all	solely	immensely
note that the expression reads in the file entirely in one go .	entirely	almost	completely	all	,	only	exclusively	extremely	effortlessly	extensively	immensely
their involvement depends entirely on what the individual wants .	entirely	completely	solely	wholly	only	exclusively	altogether	absolutely	all	immensely	extensively
avoid cliches too - words and phrases that are so frequently used that they are entirely predictable and emptied of any interesting content .	entirely	completely	largely	wholly	altogether	utterly	almost	substantially	equally	intentionally	overwhelmingly
according to this liberal approach , capital is a source of powe r that should be used by capitalists , just as political power should be used by politicians , for the benefit of society .	liberal	new	radical	conservative	progressive	modern	political	capitalist	leftist	orthodox	current
i have heard educated , liberal women talking about how long to wait before calling a man back , or whether the date should be in her neighbourh ood , or how long to wait until sleeping with him , as if there is some secret formula , some mathematical principle to romantic happiness that she has yet to divine .	liberal	conservative	wealthy	educated	progressive	modern	affluent	generous	young	orthodox	elderly
the show was a liberal smattering of silly voices , awful puns , and mildly smutty humour , and was totally anarchic , with the audience controlling most of the show in later series .	liberal	general	good	mild	large	fair	broad	mixed	loose	generous	slight
she is a product of a tremendously unorthodox family with liberal views toward sex , marriage , religion and child-rearing .	liberal	conservative	radical	progressive	leftist	diverse	traditional	moderate	broad	restrictive	plural
a guide for the scientific novice - concepts are clearly explained with liberal use of careful definitions and analogy .	liberal	the	careful	a	generous	extensive	their	some	its	imaginative	making
municipal housing schemes with liberal aid from the central government will be encouraged for those who do not wish to establish their own houses .	liberal	financial	direct	monetary	generous	an	some	substantial	legislative	additional	modest
we 're both in our early thirties , both grew up in the suburbs of east coast us cities , raised by liberal parents who pushed us towards soccer , the progressive , globalized , nonviolent sport of choice for seventies and eighties us parents .	liberal	conservative	progressive	us	radical	american	leftist	young	protestant	moderate	modernist
patients should limit exposure to the sun and use liberal amounts of sunscreen .	liberal	large	moderate	generous	substantial	various	mild	modest	greater	restrictive	slight
the potatoes were remarkable ... they did n't look like much , but were cooked with herbs and a liberal sprinkling of pepper that made me wish for more after my plate had been cleaned .	liberal	generous	fair	slight	large	mild	gentle	moderate	substantial	faint	modest
this decision , by liberal judges no less , is so blatantly at odds with the intention of private ownership and the constitution that it makes me , a lifelong democrat , extremely suspicious of what is going on in that court .	liberal	conservative	two	progressive	democratic	many	radical	leftist	moderate	orthodox	whig
1co 7:22 for he who was called in the lord while a slave , is the lord 's freedman ; likewise he who was called while free , is christ 's slave .	likewise	and	for	also	but	thus	while	though	consequently	otherwise	similarly
the minister and his wife were likewise ill-treated , but they steadfastly refused to betray the hiding-place wherein they had disposed the valuable honours .	likewise	also	generally	similarly	decidedly	greatly	notably	consequently	severely	accordingly	reportedly
the other could likewise be a constellation of some type , an animal or a map .	likewise	also	simply	either	then	thus	alternately	thereby	presumably	conversely	accordingly
in this sense of the word , faith is the essential virtue of science , and likewise of any religion that is not self-deception .	likewise	also	thus	consequently	indeed	that	thereby	similarly	hence	conversely	particularly
maybe a journalist 's privilege should likewise be limited .	likewise	also	not	simply	indeed	nonetheless	consequently	instead	presumably	accordingly	someday
the canal project would likewise have a high impact , reversing these trends .	likewise	also	consequently	then	indeed	thus	thereby	presumably	typically	consistently	coincidentally
the cost of providing easy to use access systems is likewise a consideration .	likewise	also	thus	again	indeed	conversely	thereby	accordingly	itself	similarly	presumably
we are also reminding the member states that they should do likewise .	likewise	so	similarly	thus	it	accordingly	anything	something	nicely	concurrently	substantially
collective penalties and likewise all measures of intimidation or of terrorism are prohibited .	likewise	consequently	thus	thereby	presently	conversely	accordingly	thereafter	notably	alternately	substantially
there are many false beliefs about two-stroke oils and some say that cheap oils do not mix with the expensive stuff and likewise with synthetic and mineral oils .	likewise	also	not	conversely	similarly	thereby	commonly	compare	alternately	analogous	coincidentally
however , fine ceramics from iran , china , and possibly yemen , were imported and these enable us to date the occupation .	possibly	perhaps	probably	sometimes	later	then	presumably	potentially	occasionally	southern	subsequently
but , what is there of value that satan could possibly hope to win from jesus ?	possibly	ever	potentially	easily	surely	really	reasonably	plainly	remotely	subsequently	seriously
bloggers , who sometimes think of themselves as the current big thing of the internet , wondered how this could possibly be .	possibly	ever	really	potentially	surely	reasonably	well	seemingly	remotely	clearly	subsequently
( 22 ) general dwight d. eisenhower letter to george patton ( 29th april 1944 ) i have warned you time and again against your impulsiveness and have flatly instructed you to say nothing that could possibly be misinterpreted .	possibly	ever	potentially	easily	probably	reasonably	subsequently	really	practically	clearly	remotely
the whole organization is utterly impersonal ; it is hard , mechanical , inhuman , relentless , and must be so , and can not possibly be otherwise .	possibly	easily	really	be	even	potentially	yet	otherwise	therefore	reasonably	variously
on average , bud 's dodging with his 6 combat dice would generate 3 successes , bud will be definitely be shot at least once and would possibly end up getting shot twice .	possibly	probably	likely	surely	potentially	even	eventually	might	arguably	definitely	hopefully
possibly in the future i see the elimination of poverty , economic freedom , the repair of the ecosystem , the elimination of war ... all possibilities .	possibly	perhaps	yet	surely	sometime	and	well	hence	presumably	seemingly	variously
yet if you are a seasoned webmaster this website system gives you everything you could possibly want , and saves you time in your busy day !	possibly	ever	potentially	really	reasonably	practically	easily	subsequently	arguably	allegedly	whatsoever
he was born at arles in present day southern france and possibly raised as a christian .	possibly	was	probably	he	perhaps	reportedly	apparently	allegedly	seemingly	subsequently	variously
although immunizations may be uncomfortable for your child and for you as a parent , it is one of the best ways to prevent your child from getting a contagious and possibly dangerous disease .	possibly	potentially	probably	sometimes	a	perhaps	thus	globally	maybe	arguably	clearly
the only detectable effect was psychological stress during and shortly after the accident .	shortly	soon	immediately	briefly	promptly	until	simply	closely	thereafter	rapidly	substantially
performance test for a system coupled with a locally manufactured station engine model mwm will start shortly .	shortly	soon	immediately	promptly	briefly	presently	quickly	locally	commonly	rapidly	momentarily
the evidence of wallat was given very shortly .	shortly	soon	quickly	briefly	slowly	rapidly	promptly	gradually	quietly	loudly	narrowly
family members went to a neighbor 's house and called 911 shortly before 3:00 a.m. firefighters arrived within minutes to find the home fully involved .	shortly	soon	just	and	well	briefly	promptly	until	right	minutes	sharply
shortly , he closed his book and raised his eyes upwards , acknowledging them all with a slight nod of the head .	shortly	eventually	soon	presently	briefly	thereafter	suddenly	subsequently	consequently	momentarily	nonetheless
go to hell ! she remembers paul yelling at her shortly after their wedding .	shortly	soon	right	immediately	just	briefly	promptly	until	directly	simply	loudly
they said to me that he spoke with those patient very shortly without any interest in the patient and many times , i had to say to him -- ' take care about those patients ' or something , you know .	shortly	well	briefly	soon	much	quickly	long	simply	promptly	commonly	sharply
you shortly come upon grassingdon , a picturesque old village with lead mining heritage .	shortly	soon	will	have	eventually	shall	rapidly	presently	briefly	would	promptly
hannah will just keep spouting her pat answers . `` how about we all go to copperchino for coffee ? '' tyler suggested . `` we can talk there . '' `` can't , '' said becca shortly , as they reached the bike rack at the edge of the parking lot . `` today 's my mom 's staff meeting at the community center and i promised i 'd be home to watch alvaro . '' hannah nodded approvingly . `` jacie told me about the wonderful things your family is doing for that little alien boy .	shortly	briefly	quickly	suddenly	promptly	abruptly	sharply	simply	strongly	narrowly	reasonably
they were penned by libertarianz founder ian fraser shortly before he left act in disgust .	shortly	just	soon	,	briefly	right	and	immediately	promptly	long	prominently
the different variables defining the optimal state can therefore be seen as intrinsic needs .	therefore	also	thus	now	easily	consequently	actually	subsequently	hence	clearly	accordingly
this is not a new phenomenon , but one inherent to capitalism itself and recognised by karl marx who pointed out that `` during its time of circulation capital does not perform the functions of productive capital and therefore produces neither commodities nor surplus-value '' 16 and , circulation proceeds in space and time .	therefore	thus	consequently	it	hence	ultimately	so	subsequently	also	accordingly	moreover
the terms therefore seek to preclude plaxo from complying with a request by an individual for alteration or deletion of their personal data .	therefore	thus	also	consequently	hence	shall	nevertheless	ultimately	initially	accordingly	subsequently
psychologists are not doctors and therefore they can not prescribe medication .	therefore	thus	hence	so	consequently	also	subsequently	however	accordingly	initially	ultimately
labour market deregulation is therefore instrumental in boosting jobs and reducing unemployment .	therefore	thus	also	hence	consequently	evidently	economically	subsequently	ultimately	accordingly	allegedly
you should therefore report the break-in to the police .	therefore	also	consequently	subsequently	now	immediately	actually	hence	evidently	easily	accordingly
we therefore oppose the government 's proposals .	therefore	must	also	nevertheless	consequently	now	shall	hence	strongly	immediately	accordingly
this setting exists to prevent accidental 'panning ' on mouse downs that are intended for other actions ( and therefore , prevent unintended changing of the scaling into manual mode ) .	therefore	thus	consequently	hence	subsequently	moreover	also	ultimately	accordingly	conversely	indirectly
you will therefore permit me to repeat , emphatically , that marley was as dead as a door-nail .	therefore	also	thus	consequently	nevertheless	now	hence	subsequently	evidently	accordingly	easily
they should take note of darius ' admonitions. -- well i think this is ok because they 're part of your race and therefore part of your extended family .	therefore	consequently	so	also	a	hence	thus	ultimately	subsequently	is	are
the same is true if you are using internet newspaper sites : some media outlets can be worthy sources of information and analysis and others are not .	worthy	valuable	important	good	useful	sufficient	proud	legitimate	reliable	proper	valid
we are so profoundly ignorant in these matters , so far from anything worthy of the name of science , that one view is just as permissible and just as untrustworthy as the other .	worthy	noble	capable	deserves	critical	true	proud	respectful	typical	deserved	rightful
but there has been a good campaign fought by all the candidates and i would like to think that a person taking his place in this house in the next week or two will be a worthy representative of the residents in north vancouver .	worthy	good	proper	true	valuable	proud	sufficient	suitable	qualified	genuine	lawful
nicolson : 1 do n't think that anyone has suggested that in a good number of these amounts , the money is not going toward worthy causes .	worthy	noble	good	other	charitable	such	useful	these	proud	philanthropic	patriotic
thirty-three-year-old delahaye was a popular figure in the paris office and was talked about as a worthy successor to robert capa .	worthy	suitable	potential	proper	deserved	true	likely	logical	probable	desirable	lawful
but i pictured carolyn looking just as slender and elegant , appearing at benefits for worthy causes .	worthy	noble	charitable	good	various	patriotic	other	philanthropic	meritorious	different	diverse
but overall , it makes for worthy listening on a good sound system .	worthy	good	valuable	nice	proper	quality	fine	sufficient	useful	lovely	thorough
it means knowing and loving ourselves enough to open the doors to allow a higher understanding of what the idle half our minds are capable of doing , disciplining ourselves to use the gifts accurately , for worthy purposes .	worthy	noble	useful	valuable	legitimate	honorable	meritorious	charitable	lasting	lawful	philanthropic
if babydaddy says he wo n't be around for the kid if you are n't sleeping with him , or you fear he wo n't , ask yourself if he 's a worthy boyfriend or father .	worthy	good	suitable	proud	true	proper	sufficient	noble	beloved	desirable	pleasing
we fork over cash for all sorts of less worthy things .	worthy	valuable	deserved	desirable	useful	noble	important	costly	pleasing	prized	meritorious
thus , the analyst acquires knowledge about the nature of the patient through an awareness of something going on in him .	acquires	receives	gains	gets	develops	possesses	gathers	learns	makes	collects	recruits
a subsidiary was floated in the uk , tata tea ( gb ) ltd. , which acquired the controlling interest in the tetley group .	acquired	owned	purchased	inherited	obtained	gained	formed	bought	assumed	became	attained
with the offer now completed , 2016091 ontario inc. will proceed with further steps to acquire the remaining ixos shares not owned by it , in accordance with german law .	acquire	purchase	buy	obtain	collect	possess	consolidate	absorb	accumulate	occupy	affiliate
teacher education students will acquire the knowledge and skills required to apply current and emerging educational technologies both as teachers in training and as practicing teachers .	acquire	obtain	develop	possess	attain	gain	learn	gather	adopt	demonstrate	accumulate
how many times have i caught up with those people several years later , to discover that they have acquired a lifestyle , a car and a mortgage to match their salary , and that their initial ideals have faded to the haziest of memories , which they now dismiss as a post-adolescent fantasy ?	acquired	gained	obtained	purchased	earned	attained	accumulated	adopted	amassed	secured	pursued
then judge whether you already have these skills in some form or could reasonably acquire them before retirement .	acquire	obtain	possess	attain	purchase	adopt	collect	pursue	gather	accumulate	affiliate
thank you for having osiris here . we 've been involved in mesenchymal stem cell , adult stem cell research for about 11 years now . our technology came out of arnie kaplan 's lab and was acquired from case western at that time , and we 've been solely focused in that area since on several applications .	acquired	purchased	obtained	inherited	incorporated	adopted	gained	owned	transferred	pursued	assembled
provides counseling , education and advocacy programs which help area residents acquire and retain/maintain safe and affordable housing .	acquire	obtain	purchase	gain	receive	attain	earn	secure	accumulate	adopt	consolidate
more than 200 of the most significant works acquired by the corning museum of glass during the 1990s , to augment its holdings of 35,000 objects , are featured here .	acquired	owned	purchased	obtained	amassed	collected	bought	assembled	gained	accumulated	donated
yet the last four are unattainable , the narrator insists , if you ca n't acquire the personal security -- the `` inner core , `` says covey -- that presumably comes from a mastery of the foundation .	acquire	possess	obtain	gain	have	develop	attain	earn	gather	achieve	accumulate
anointing of the sick may be repeated if the person becomes ill again or the danger becomes more acute .	acute	immediate	intense	imminent	evident	extensive	apparent	grave	dire	urgent	obvious
using occasional case studies , cutler defines her terms and provides specific examples of acute and chronic allergens causing asthma and allergic reactions and the genetic , environmental , metabolic , and little-known causes that play roles in asthma onset .	acute	immediate	intense	chronic	initial	annual	essential	inflammatory	inhaled	intermediate	elementary
patchwork solutions produced by the personality ethic are like painkillers for an acute disease ; the problems might be temporarily hidden , only to return later with a vengeance .	acute	immediate	intense	inflammatory	aggravated	epidemic	infectious	apparent	urgent	annual	initial
hands , in particular , seem to be acute qi detectors and transmitters .	acute	sharp	excellent	strong	keen	immediate	exceptional	sensitive	effective	accurate	potent
recommendations regards less of inappropriately placed patients in acute hospitals and the difficulties associated in placing these patients we estimate that the equivalent of a fully resourced general hospital ( 130million ) is taken up by p atients who have suffered from preventable error .	acute	general	emergency	chronic	urban	local	ill	urgent	intensive	adult	essential
coronavirus as a possible cause of severe acute respiratory syndrome .	acute	adult	intense	chronic	explosive	emergency	annual	adverse	alcoholic	initial	acid
by sheer personal determination he raised the subject of psychic phenomena into the arena of acute controversy -- and kept it there .	acute	intense	immediate	extreme	sharp	grave	profound	substantial	urgent	dire	imminent
isis-3 : a randomised trial of streptokinase vs tissue plasminogen activator vs anistreplase and of aspirin plus heparin vs aspirin alone among 41,299 cases of suspected acute myocardial infarction .	acute	cardiac	chronic	initial	immediate	annual	explosive	traumatic	anterior	arrest	aggravated
`` generous chinese loans ' the best recovery that money can buy ' for all its fragilities , nothing yet has slowed this fire-breathing dragon - not the asian financial crisis of 1997-'98 ; not the internet and technology crash ; not synchronous global recession of 2001 ; and not this year 's outbreak of severe acute respiratory syndrome , or sars .	acute	adverse	annual	urgent	upper	chronic	adult	intense	associated	emergency	respiratory
does this woman have an acute uncomplicated urinary tract infection ?	acute	immediate	emergency	associated	annual	epidemic	an	ill	aggravated	initial	adult
wherever the azt caravan stopped , it presented physicians from important metropolitan centres like london and new york .	caravan	procession	convoy	tent	troupe	pilgrimage	programme	flotilla	migration	travellers	contingent
your trailer or caravan must be fitted with an approved style number plate .	caravan	vehicle	van	jeep	vehicles	trolley	solar	mobile	trailer	suburban	cab
if you sat facing cologne you could n't see the chimney stacks further up the river , if you squinted you could n't see the caravan park on the other side , if you drank enough weisse weijn the thronging day-trippers greyed-themselves out .	caravan	trailer	theme	national	safari	holiday	amusement	rv	concession	fun	hostel
tent , caravan or campervan . make sure of your future work plans before you move on from your present location .	caravan	tent	camp	trailer	household	hostel	stable	fortress	troupe	triangle	concession
you might think of several caravans of trucks all using the same road system to carry materials .	caravans	groups	series	teams	sets	convoys	herds	lines	bodies	sections	blocks
the town is also well known as a transit point for the camel caravans bringing salt up from the arid lands of the dankal depression .	caravans	traders	herds	drivers	routes	wagons	convoys	travelers	traffic	tracks	-
in his distress of mind at being left behind by the caravan , he had not noticed where he had thrown the load .	caravan	group	bandits	travellers	band	travelers	camel	drivers	flotilla	convoy	pasha
about the time that ross , trudo , and benware were beating tipton senseless , the three-vehicle caravan , led by the blazer , with defendant as the driver and harris as a passenger , pulled into the parking lot .	caravan	convoy	team	group	vehicle	procession	trailer	van	trio	contingent	posse
lazy lizard caravan park , pine creek small and nondescript caravan park behind the pine creek tavern , off the stuart highway .	caravan	tent	trailer	theme	holiday	rv	safari	vehicle	canoe	bungalow	scenic
directly away from where the caravan was headed . : : : yang watched the exchange with interest .	caravan	convoy	group	herd	band	flotilla	wagon	trio	troupe	procession	pilgrim
to understand why this should have been so , we need to look more closely at the nature of the style and its origins .	closely	carefully	deeply	thoroughly	strictly	tightly	broadly	widely	intently	narrowly	accurately
some people have guessed that this radiation is closely related to a period of intense cold and a high level of ice cover occurring around 600 mya ; perhaps environmental stresses wiped out competitors and created opportunities for a ( relatively ) clever animal to succeed and proliferate .	closely	strongly	directly	intimately	loosely	tightly	roughly	deeply	broadly	strictly	remotely
they are working closely with natural tunnel state park , where the staff , eager to have additional housing nearby , have assured the bakers that they will be booked on a regular basis since the demand for housing outweighs supply .	closely	together	extensively	strongly	tightly	along	regularly	vigorously	jointly	consistently	densely
the department is also working closely with hm customs and excise who are in the lead on developing the national lorry road user charging scheme .	closely	together	extensively	strongly	tightly	along	regularly	jointly	concurrently	vigorously	separately
retail : in the u.s. , analysts will be looking closely at third-quarter results .	closely	carefully	widely	steadily	deeply	intently	strongly	tightly	narrowly	highly	loosely
their academic careers are closely intertwined with social and political developments such as secularisation and antisemitism .	closely	strongly	deeply	intimately	tightly	directly	loosely	broadly	significantly	strictly	roughly
`` the baby has developed very normally and has been followed closely .	closely	carefully	strongly	regularly	by	strictly	widely	promptly	anxiously	loosely	steadily
to prevent asthma episodes you will have to work closely with your doctor to : develop a medicine plan that keeps you from getting symptoms .	closely	together	directly	carefully	strongly	extensively	along	deeply	tightly	consistently	widely
problems are flagged quickly and , working closely with your staff , we propose solutions .	closely	together	carefully	strongly	extensively	along	consistently	widely	broadly	significantly	separately
what women want on a first date ( updated thursday , dec 5 , 2002 , 02:06:55 pm to reflect the 100 most recent valid responses. ) assuming you are a woman , which most closely matches your idea of a great first date ?	closely	exactly	accurately	precisely	strongly	loosely	tightly	remarkably	intimately	broadly	substantially
but that last statistic is misleading , because a variety of studies shows that about 40 % of the workers who do n't take up healthcare offers have coverage through a spouse , and another 20 % ( likely younger workers ) decline coverage to save money .	decline	lack	reduce	require	request	have	reject	leave	dispute	maintain	retain
in an interview for this survey , gordon brown , the british chancellor and himself a scotsman , said that support for the snp declined as the election neared because the party failed to give convincing answers to big questions about how it would run scotland 's economy .	declined	faded	diminished	faltered	recovered	weakened	deteriorated	slowed	contracted	descended	perished
st. lawrence cement increased domestic cement deliveries , but on balance volumes declined owing to delivery bottlenecks in the northeastern us .	declined	failed	diminished	recovered	tumbled	deteriorated	departed	faded	flourished	contracted	perished
the air force has experienced low levels of equipment availability in the last five years , and availability of the hercules and the aurora fleets continues to decline .	decline	change	develop	fall	grow	recover	dim	weaken	graduate	descend	transform
high school non-completion rates continue to decline 5 and an increasing number of young people are pursuing post-secondary education 6 .	decline	fall	change	recover	develop	remain	descend	rebound	dim	dip	graduate
whenever there is a condition with results in cardiac dysfunction stroke volume will eventually declined .	declined	diminished	dropped	deteriorated	reduced	recovered	depleted	developed	perished	eroded	faded
the productivity of crops and pastures , as well as the health of other vegetation , declines as the saline watertable reaches their root zones .	declines	recover	suffers	fails	reduces	descends	dim	strains	transforms	survives	grades
unhappy with being called to task for declining scores , political educators complained that the tests were unfair to some , so they watered them down - - as if 2+2=4 was being challenged as unfair on racial , gender or other social-oriented measures .	declining	dropping	failing	falling	deteriorating	lower	reducing	plunging	their	disappointing	slipping
in particular , per capita incomes in africa have declined relative to the industrial countries and in some countries have declined in absolute terms .	declined	diminished	changed	recovered	fallen	deteriorated	slowed	faltered	contracted	faded	flourished
the garch model is an infinite order arch model with a geometrically declining set of weights .	declining	increasing	reducing	diverse	varying	deteriorating	weakening	terminating	minimal	shrinking	preserving
i will not endure the laughter of the court .	endure	suffer	tolerate	survive	bear	withstand	enjoy	undergo	sustain	witness	consume
and this combined annual incidence-rate will endure indefinitely too , until the annual production-rate is altered .	endure	continue	persist	survive	last	linger	remain	extend	exist	repeat	sustain
positive attitude overcomes pelvic pain former athlete janet h has endured 20 operations and has been reduced to surviving on a special liquid diet after being stricken 24 years ago with endometriosis .	endured	suffered	undergone	survived	had	underwent	experienced	faced	received	sustained	witnessed
what was n't my fault was the ordeal i had to endure to fix it .	endure	suffer	undergo	undertake	withstand	experience	face	survive	traverse	confront	ordeal
developers are routinely asked to endure the hardships of design extremes , such as a low-memory footprint , in order to reduce total system cost .	endure	suffer	withstand	face	undergo	experience	tolerate	survive	confront	bear	handle
the white sox , who are enduring what i call the curse of the 1919 black sox ?	enduring	suffering	experiencing	surviving	enjoying	continuing	sustaining	facing	entertaining	acknowledging	undertaking
and , to a large extent i have harvard to thank for that -- for the extraordinary role models i studied and studied under and the friendships i made that have endured .	endured	survived	suffered	persisted	sustained	perished	prevailed	unfolded	existed	occurred	upheld
now here he is , gowned and on a gurney , forced to endure a medical procedure all because of some soup .	endure	undergo	survive	suffer	withstand	witness	perform	undertake	face	conduct	administer
however , people often endured inadequate at because of the lack of a viable alternative .	endured	suffered	suffer	experienced	faced	felt	survived	underwent	witnessed	suffers	sustained
the campaign should challenge the notion that prostate problems are an inevitable part of ageing to be endured rather than investigated .	endured	suffered	experienced	survived	ignored	sustained	preserved	exploited	weathered	upheld	narrated
the hispanic family : an untapped resource one step that schools can take is to understand and tap into an important and underutilized source of strength -- the hispanic extended family .	extended	immediate	expanded	hispanic	established	ancestral	entire	integrated	traditional	astor	intellectual
) and recording an extended soundcheck on a little tape machine that may end up playing a big role on our next record .	extended	early	expanded	elongated	entire	abbreviated	amplified	open	epic	interrupted	electronic
discussion top in this study , we have shown that recombinant gp120 increases the permeability of brain endothelium cultures to albumin , most likely by altering the cell morphology and inducing extended intercellular gaps that allow passage of macromolecules and probably facilitate cell transmigration across the bbb .	extended	long	the	elongated	large	short	expanded	increased	opened	lengthy	additional
nuclear family this unit observes and assesses the effectiveness of childcare in the nuclear family home environment , looking at the childrens ' experience with their parents and extended family .	extended	their	immediate	entire	the	expanded	other	larger	older	affiliated	nuclear
at work : calling in sick , coming in late , leaving early , taking extended breaks , giving up your territory ( `` why do n't you let mary take over that assignment for you `` ) .	extended	long	short	longer	lengthy	prolonged	brief	elongated	out	longest	important
( grieve 1927a , 19 ) [ 9 ] this book therefore marked the beginning of what was to be an extended battle between macdiarmid , as well as the other celticist fundamentalists in the nps , and the conservative nationalists of the scottish party .	extended	open	ongoing	intense	early	arms	armed	elongated	epic	lengthy	overlapping
not surprisingly , ellison spends a considerable amount of time describing the results of his own extended fieldwork among efe hunter-gatherers and lese horticulturalists living in the rainforests of the democratic republic of congo .	extended	lengthy	independent	long	ongoing	original	expanded	overlapping	expansive	archeological	appalachian
extended warranties for desktop computers tend to be rip-offs , because you would usually pay an independent technician much less in repair costs over the same period that a typical extended warranty costs to provide repair cover .	extended	advanced	expanded	electronic	long	abbreviated	enhanced	emergency	updated	customized	elongated
i 've always been kind of at loose ends whenever i 'm given an extended period of free time .	extended	elongated	entire	allotted	expanded	expansive	unspecified	average	important	emergency	outstanding
i was taking a prescription medication over an extended length of time under the supervision of a physician who specializes in the management of pain .	extended	expanded	elongated	outstanding	increased	average	long	abbreviated	unspecified	lengthy	expansive
this external communication could be with external trading partners or within the organization .	external	other	outside	foreign	internal	international	outer	particular	electronic	informal	outgoing
that is , we can be glad so long as we do not believe in external authority ( for example , the testimony of others ) alone for our religious beliefs .	external	an	outside	earthly	the	their	foreign	another	our	one	some
the external appearance of each type of extinguisher maybe different and each carries its own instructions for use .	external	physical	outer	outward	visual	architectural	overall	preliminary	apparent	nominal	aesthetic
external resources : assess external resources and the community 's institutional , political , technical , legal and fiscal capability to engage in hazard mitigation and response .	external	foreign	international	outside	internal	other	human	environmental	economic	emergency	global
q can you kindly advise if team roles change with different team members and external factors e.g . company setting , cultural context ?	external	other	environmental	outside	different	organizational	various	cultural	internal	societal	correlated
external links to other internet sites should not be construed as an endorsement of the views or privacy policies contained therein .	external	the	visual	indirect	these	other	and	internal	alternative	negative	editorial
when careful measurements are taken of current flows in the generator and in the external circuit , evidence suggests that electric charges are appearing at the periphery of the generator and disappearing at the center of the generator that do not actually pass through the generator .	external	internal	outside	inner	electrical	outer	other	surrounding	electric	electronic	reverse
many spiritual traditions still eschew technological techniques in favor of more `` authentic `` ones ; so unassisted meditation is said to be better than use of mind machines , electronic biofeedback , or psychotropic chemicals , and the use of technology as a sign of attachment to `` worldly `` things or reliance on external crutches rather than `` self-realization .	external	physical	other	body	inner	outer	internal	outside	foreign	earthly	electronic
`` nothing came to our attention indicating evidence of influence or pressure from internal or external sources , `` he wrote .	external	outside	foreign	outer	international	environmental	other	outward	internal	independent	outgoing
the end of the cold war could not but sharply increase its international isolation and legitimacy deficit ; bartering its anti-communist credentials for external assistance was no longer a feasible option .	external	foreign	international	outside	government	military	governmental	economic	monetary	overseas	multinational
the emancipation of women can only be completed when a fundamental transformation of living is effected ; and life-styles will change only with the fundamental transformation of all production and the establishment of a communist economy .	fundamental	major	profound	necessary	basic	general	radical	substantial	comprehensive	thorough	global
but as the approach moves into the commercial realm , especially the software business , it 's challenging fundamental notions about who owns ideas and how best to foster innovation .	fundamental	the	traditional	basic	essential	all	their	its	those	vital	crucial
the occasion is often a personal failure of fundamental understanding , where understanding transcends the grammar of associative consciousness .	fundamental	basic	general	essential	profound	common	deep	personal	substantive	formal	thorough
first , he clearly distinguishes norms or values within the social network as having a fundamental impact on the development of social capital .	fundamental	major	vital	crucial	significant	profound	basic	substantial	distinct	substantive	groundbreaking
`` we 're trying to build things that work and to prove theorems about why they work.we 're trying to articulate the more fundamental concepts of the field . '' koditschek mentions alan turing , who in the early 20th century first envisioned machines capable of methodical , goal-directed computation .	fundamental	basic	important	essential	general	vital	major	elementary	profound	radical	elemental
two of the fundamental limitations of northern eias are the lack of adequate ecological baseline data and the lack of an adequate framework or method to link ecological and social components of the environment .	fundamental	major	basic	main	essential	profound	substantial	structural	substantive	principal	earliest
we generally do not permit transferral into the second year due to the unique nature of our course and fundamental skills that are learnt in the first year , but you are welcome to discuss your case with the admissions tutor .	fundamental	basic	the	essential	necessary	some	vital	core	valuable	substantive	complementary
would you rather have made the camera that shot citizen kane , or make citizen kane ? '' silicon alley is unique , but the fundamental processes that have facilitated its emergence are not .	fundamental	basic	essential	underlying	vital	molecular	intrinsic	necessary	elemental	dynamic	profound
they will also support two fundamental instructional objectives .	fundamental	basic	major	essential	distinct	principle	substantive	necessary	formal	thorough	radical
the training demands outlined above ; the needs of governors for trained , well-led , and appropriately organized forces to defend against terrorist threats ; and possible political pressures not to deploy some arng units during times of heightened terrorist threats will demand a fundamental reexamination of army organization .	fundamental	major	substantial	basic	significant	necessary	thorough	vital	profound	deep	radical
to facilitate that involvement , the university will maintain appropriate processes within which students can communicate their views by formal and informal means , and can , directly or through their representatives , actively contribute to decisions affecting the university community .	informal	formal	unofficial	alternative	casual	unconventional	indirect	institutional	improvised	secondary	plural
this is one of the most important areas of informal employment and can take place in home-based , micro-enterprise-based or in factory-based locations .	informal	formal	alternative	casual	secondary	unofficial	irregular	indirect	unconventional	loose	minority
there are also quite a number of informal barriers .	informal	formal	unofficial	social	institutional	conventional	casual	practice	implicit	societal	unconventional
for instance , copls generally provide interface specifications ( formal or informal ) for classes by running a tool such as javadoc or eiffel 's ' short ' over the class definition , meaning that the poor person writing a class has to write to 4 different ' audiences ' at once : the compiler , people writing code that uses the class , people writing derived classes and people maintaining the class itself .	informal	unofficial	casual	formal	loose	improvised	unconventional	approximate	impromptu	miscellaneous	intuitive
institutions can be informal or formal .	informal	formal	casual	unconventional	nominal	plural	institutional	impromptu	discrete	abbreviated	colloquially
things continued on an informal , personal basis , by phone , i [ remained ] close friends with two of them , but izzat al gazawi died last year .	informal	intimate	occasional	unofficial	impromptu	ongoing	everyday	ordinary	abbreviated	inclusive	evolving
schoolyard habitats - national wildlife federation - offers an array of resources and programs for formal and informal k-12 educators in a traditional classroom situation , nature center or other youth service facility .	informal	formal	casual	unofficial	alternative	unconventional	loose	associated	secondary	institutional	collective
since kt is the established symbol for the kilotonne , kn is the best choice as a symbol for the knot . knot [ 2 ] an informal unit of distance equal to the nautical mile .	informal	alternative	unofficial	everyday	established	imaginary	abbreviated	obsolete	approximate	arbitrary	intermediate
jeffs and smith suggest that informal educators are `` guided ... by their understanding of what makes for the good ; of what makes for human well being '' ( 1990 : 1 7-1 8 ) .	informal	formal	progressive	unconventional	such	conventional	these	the	human	inclusive	plural
key findings are available in the informal education archives : ; full report : `` institute of public policy research 2003 reprinted here with the kind permission of the institute of public policy research first placed in the archives : december 2003	informal	alternative	formal	collective	adult	higher	periodical	unconventional	progressive	inclusive	new
the investigators , all part of a team known as the antithrombotic trialists ' collaboration ( atc ) , looked at whether the antiplatelets cut patients ' risk of heart attack , stroke and death from a cardiovascular cause .	investigators	researchers	participants	scientists	authors	survivors	experiments	competitors	inspectors	respondents	trials
reilly says he lost interest in the phone tap after finding in the wastebasket a piece of carbon paper with the impression of 15 questions which otepka had allegedly typed out for senate investigators to ask reilly .	investigators	researchers	members	officials	prosecutors	reporters	detectives	deputies	inspectors	regulators	commissions
`` [ new york times , 9/11/02 ] oct 5 , 2002 : congressional investigators say the fbi 's efforts to block their inquiry makes them skeptical of fbi assertions .	investigators	members	researchers	representatives	inquiries	prosecutors	analysts	ethics	regulators	inspectors	detectives
the key to good science in this field is always to keep the experiment totally under the control of the investigators and to use blind and double-blind testing procedures wherever possible .	investigators	scientists	researchers	authors	researcher	owners	individuals	operators	explorers	respondents	experiments
leading international private detective and private investigator firm for all private investigations , we stand ready with any private detective or private investigator matter .	investigator	detective	attorney	agent	insurance	examination	inspector	owner	observation	informant	entrepreneur
in addition , it is important for clinicians and investigators to account for any herbs or natural products being taken by their patients or research subjects that might interact with traditional treatments .	investigators	researchers	scientists	scholars	authors	physicians	psychologists	individuals	academics	collaborators	explorers
american investigators had to be sent anywhere but holland .	investigators	researchers	troops	detectives	soldiers	officers	immigrants	inspectors	explorers	deputies	regulators
they suggest that investigators of new religious movements should look into adaptation in host communities as well as nrms , and that they pay special attention to the role of the mass media in this two-way process of adaptation .	investigators	researchers	practitioners	proponents	members	observers	inspectors	explorers	theologians	respondents	instructors
the present , rejecting attitude restricts investigators to using simple tools , which are incapable of answering the questions skeptics demand be answered .	investigators	individuals	researchers	explorers	practitioners	them	pupils	detectives	mathematicians	inspectors	respondents
there he was a section leader for inorganic chemistry and principal investigator on several research projects dealing with actinide coordination and organometallic chemistry , organometallic chemical vapor deposition , and technetium-99 chemistry .	investigator	author	researcher	scientist	collaborator	director	member	operator	principal	protagonist	instrument
`` something will hopefully be done `` , to ensure that even if the mission were to close tomorrow , fm103 `` continues in some form or sort , to consolidate the peace process .	mission	station	project	program	base	objective	expedition	message	target	mandate	location
`` what we 're seeing over time is the equivalent of mission creep : cases that would not be terrorism cases before sept. 11 are swept onto the terrorism docket , `` said juliette kayyem , a former clinton administration justice official who heads the national security program at harvard university 's john f. kennedy school of government .	mission	operation	case	dream	a	function	message	location	mandate	agency	migration
and are we doing it in a way that keeps us competitive economically ? his question defined his passion , my stewardship and the mission of the environmental protection agency .	mission	mandate	business	message	function	philosophy	goal	objective	responsibility	job	motto
local churches reproduce themselves in their neighborhood and on the mission field .	mission	campaign	world	message	charity	foreign	commercial	witness	martyr	mercy	translation
`` 52 the method of al imam al shafi'i in his book , al risalah al imam al shafi'i began his book by describing the state of mankind just before the mission of the prophet .	mission	death	mandate	message	flight	beginning	arrival	movement	birth	launch	resurrection
there are many important and urgent responsibilities to attract the missionary 's attention on the mission field , e.g . adult literacy . social and developmental projects , educational and medical work .	mission	charity	medical	world	health	development	international	teaching	mountain	christian	pioneer
e-mail to : methodius baptist union of great britain - archive of mission-related dissertations with a focus on baptist mission in the uk e-mail to : darrell jackson , mission adviser bethany christian services ( bcs ) - bcs is a non-profit organization with a mission to protect and enhance the lives of children and individuals through professional social services like int . and dom . adoption , counseling ( pregnancy+family ) foster care and a 1-800-bethany hotline .	mission	ministry	church	life	work	movement	union	message	teaching	christianity	reformation
nk : we are the children of the hippie generation and girl has been imbued with this mission from her mother from a very young age .	mission	message	spirit	philosophy	motto	movement	mandate	theme	inspiration	responsibility	creed
c. operational role of weu weu 's operational role will be strengthened by examining and defining appropriate missions , structures and means , covering in particular : weu planning cell ; closer military cooperation complementary to the alliance in particular in the fields of logistics , transport , training and strategic surveillance ; meetings of weu chiefs of defence staff ; military units answerable to weu .	missions	functions	roles	objectives	duties	tasks	messages	responsibilities	views	motives	mandates
that said , the best foundations are focused on accomplishing programmatic missions .	missions	objectives	goals	purposes	tasks	aims	ambitions	targets	functions	mandates	ideals
there is something just so profound about that .	profound	deep	fundamental	deeply	potent	substantial	dire	drastic	noticeable	diverse	thorough
segall and timiras discovered profound changes in neurotransmitter levels in the brains of their experimental animals , but were unable to explore the implications of these changes with regard to aging because their funding ran out .	profound	subtle	significant	substantial	deep	drastic	numerous	fundamental	the	substantive	noticeable
the human genome project is going to be of profound significance for the pharmaceuticals and healthcare sectors , offering real hope in the treatment of conditions such as cystic fibrosis and cancer .	profound	deep	great	major	lasting	considerable	a	dire	noticeable	permanent	substantive
25 association , of course , does not establish causality -- but it raises the possibility that the profound and apparently deepening pessimism about personal circumstances widely reflected in an array of opinion polls and surveys is among the determinants underlying russia 's fearsome levels of cardiovascular death .	profound	deep	widespread	fundamental	broad	potent	deeply	diverse	durable	dominant	deficit
if you hesitate , therefore , a moment , or if , after reflection , you produce any intricate or profound argument , you , in a manner , give up the question , and confess that it is not reasoning which engages us to suppose the past resembling the future , and to expect similar effects from causes which are , to appearance , similar .	profound	deep	radical	comprehensive	solemn	penetrating	elaborate	subtle	sophisticated	thorough	potent
a fresh miracle , one with a profound political dimension and such spectacular possibilities was just what they had to be looking for . [ 8 ] lourdes ' mother superior is depicted as a jealous , resentful and ambitious woman who viewed the newly arrived order as a threat-a competitor for donations and novices .	profound	deep	deeply	broad	deeper	major	subtle	substantial	radical	fundamental	penetrating
you have surely given an exceptional argument which raises many profound questions concerning the foundations of artificial intelligence .	profound	deep	fundamental	substantial	important	essential	major	noticeable	diverse	dire	drastic
return to contents natural selection and other mechanisms-such as chromosomal changes , symbiosis and hybridization-can drive profound changes in populations over time .	profound	significant	substantial	dramatic	drastic	major	fundamental	vast	considerable	extensive	noticeable
gaining the confidence of local residents , for example , so that they will allow the students to enter and test their homes requires profound cultural understanding .	profound	deep	a	substantial	extensive	considerable	deeply	thorough	comprehensive	presumably	gaining
but even willy 's conception of the past is not as idyllic as it seems on the surface , as his split consciousness , the profound rift in his psyche , shows through .	profound	deep	fundamental	permanent	major	vast	deepest	resulting	deeper	momentary	reflected
`` what meeks did not mention is that guea bought the building from her church , victory apostolic faith church in chicago , where she and her father are prominent members , according to cook county property records and the church 's web site .	prominent	notable	distinguished	leading	influential	current	senior	substantial	eminent	longtime	commonly
among the recipients were prominent journalists and producers , scions of the alternative press , and a smattering of current and former intelligence analysts who often serve as sources in news analyses and articles .	prominent	notable	distinguished	leading	influential	renowned	established	respected	numerous	local	various
update posted at 10:00 am -- permalink back in this post , i reported that the tropicana hotel in las vegas had stopped accepting reservations for after april 15 and that a prominent demolition company had told a reporter that it was studying how to blow up the place .	prominent	famous	local	major	leading	notable	large	respected	nearby	renowned	famed
`` evidence is easily found of multipolarity and china 's prominent role in promoting it .	prominent	leading	distinguished	notable	predominant	substantial	dominant	conspicuous	noticeable	sizable	prevalent
reeling from the effects of world war ii , prominent local businessmen led by the visionary archie jewell , purchased the building in 1943 and renovated it to become `` the international house `` , a newly-created non-profit trade association dedicated to world peace , trade and understanding .	prominent	the	leading	a	several	various	distinguished	notable	wealthy	numerous	substantial
there were five references to crawford : three dealing with his present claims that he lied on behalf of the tobacco companies , one dealing with a property dispute , and another , which identified him as a prominent criminal lawyer , who had been involved in 33 capital cases .	prominent	distinguished	famous	former	leading	notable	respected	successful	known	senior	famed
expansion of markets , improvement of profit potential , and reduction of cost factors join the enhancement of competitive position as prominent forces moving organizations toward globalization .	prominent	major	leading	notable	influential	substantial	predominant	primary	dominant	distinct	distinctive
i have argued in my previous article for pdf that `` [ f ] or armstrong williams-like bloggers actually paid by campaigns or other political committees to promote or attack a candidate for federal office , prominent and on-the-spot disclosure should be mandated . '' a disclosure on a campaign 's website in a quarterly report after the election deprives voters of valuable information about the possible motivations for an analysis or commentary appearing on a website .	prominent	substantial	consistent	distinctive	presence	distinct	editorial	conspicuous	persistent	strongly	sizable
this pattern of bad journalism is a prominent feature of every pro-hoax text and video .	prominent	notable	distinctive	distinct	substantial	dominant	conspicuous	distinguished	predominant	noticeable	prevalent
apple vs. microsoft my altavista survey results revealed that `` gates hate `` is more prominent among mac fans than with other groups -- providing a rationale for starting with apple in our examination of the various conflicts listed above .	prominent	common	prevalent	notable	evident	commonly	frequent	predominant	noticeable	distinct	substantial
in short , he may be rendered insane upon every subject which is not founded on , and which does not remain in never-varying consistency with , the facts that surround mankind .	rendered	made	declared	deemed	found	pronounced	termed	turned	formed	proclaimed	wrought
a shared interest in prosperity has not been enough to render benign alienage and the political erasures of borders .	render	provide	prevent	distinguish	maintain	sustain	spare	afford	deter	affect	reproduce
it is , therefore , without any substance to urge that the services under the scheme are rendered free of charge and , therefore , the scheme is not a `` service `` under the act .	rendered	provided	performed	made	deemed	not	furnished	given	done	contracted	afforded
posted by : robrob at june 23 , 2005 02:04 am where will the greed of corporations intent on rendering skilled american workers obsolete end ?	rendering	making	turning	creating	producing	converting	becoming	declaring	manufacturing	striking	affecting
in general , the speech stylesheet will not attempt to specify the mapping between visual layout tags and speech properties , instead leaving it to specific browser implementations and user-specific stylesheets to decide how such tags are rendered .	rendered	displayed	portrayed	represented	generated	provided	computed	stylized	contracted	simulated	visually
you produce the content , and my browser decides -- along with some input from me -- how to render the content .	render	provide	generate	display	convey	rate	reproduce	obtain	translate	replicate	curate
in particular , provision of an alternative route for cyclists should never be regarded as an excuse for rendering the original road or junction unsuitable for cyclists .	rendering	affecting	making	converting	declaring	providing	finding	turning	contracting	forming	requiring
although technological advancements make it possible to ship products from one side of the world to the other within a few days , abuse of a good-quality food before , during or after transportation and storage may render it spoiled or unsafe by the time it reaches the consumer .	render	make	leave	declare	turn	find	become	afford	comprise	reproduce	mold
`` this renders necessary a brief review of the position occupied by the administration on this important and vital question .	renders	makes	is	becomes	gives	requires	seems	proves	comprises	hence	concludes
schon ( 1983,1987 ) has noted that `` practice is characterized by indeterminacy , and what distinguishes the excellent practitioner from the merely adequate one is the ability to render indeterminate situations determinate .	render	make	declare	provide	maintain	give	afford	perceive	turn	reproduce	mold
( missing last minute ) ( gsn/wo/c/a+/133 ) biography bob barker ( a+ ) mark goodson ( a+ ) deal a very interesting and intimate behind-the scenes look at `` let 's make a deal `` , one of the most popular game shows of all time .	scenes	moments	-	lines	hours	tracks	backstage	seasons	tables	charts	seconds
hence becoming the scene of more than one major battle between the olde enemy england .	scene	site	location	home	setting	seat	venue	host	sight	heart	locus
framed by the remains of a smoking , burning doorway and silhouetted against the light , ethan squats and surveys the butchered dead , and his head drops as he imagines the torture that three family members suffered , including martha 's rape . [ a similar scene of luke skywalker 's discovery of his aunt and uncle 's burning home after their murder by imperial stormtroopers is found in george lucas ' star wars ( 1977 ) .	scene	image	account	example	sequence	depiction	incident	setting	plot	description	motif
`` it does n't come into play unless you 're actually at a scene or taking action photographs , but digital cameras do not have a shutter speed fast enough to photograph action , '' says pasqualone .	scene	moment	location	site	place	situation	setting	region	crowd	plot	rally
every scene seems totally natural like it could have really happened , and yet the movie is not a dull slice-of-life diorama either .	scene	moment	thing	event	second	line	day	image	episode	beat	track
undoubtedly a mainstay of the texas music scene , one of lloyd 's best known credits is his daughter , natalie maines , the lead singer for the grammy award winning dixie chicks .	scene	industry	community	genre	market	circuit	movement	sound	sector	venue	session
on the plus side , the immediate mode offers the possibility of exploring dynamic scenes .	scenes	moments	events	sequences	characters	themes	transitions	sounds	motives	conflicts	personalities
both times we have a cajus who goes out to walk ; both times a carriage full of people , who both times sing and shout ; both times cajus meets with the carnage ; both times a family is mentioned ; both times an aged woman figures in the scene ; both times the hand is kissed .	scene	image	picture	background	setting	narrative	screen	storyline	skyline	atmosphere	genre
`` reverse : whaling scene with two boats , one being stove by a whale ; ship in background , labeled `` 18 jan 1851 / the accident off new zealand .	scene	season	setting	moment	landscape	ship	situation	boat	party	storm	genre
if we do not take a lead on the national scene , our fate will be in the hands of others -- others who are not likely to share our mission or concerns .	scene	stage	face	floor	record	landscape	dream	chart	page	setting	spectrum
3 [ 432 u.s. 312 , 332 ] i suspect that the only justification for the court 's decision today is its belief that the statute is unfair in its application .	suspect	believe	think	suppose	doubt	assume	suggest	perceive	fancy	imagine	notice
it is doubtful that many viewers who witness the process and effects of such nefarious and insidious `` mind control `` in their entertainment , ever suspect that they themselves are the victims of similar programs of influence and plots of intrigue in real life .	suspect	believe	think	know	doubt	question	assume	suggest	detect	perceive	conjecture
this variable degree of symptoms can make the diagnosis of an oxidative metabolic disorder more difficult to recognize , but should be highly suspected when myopathy and encephalopathy are present together .	suspected	considered	doubted	regarded	correlated	desired	questioned	suggested	presumed	attested	evidenced
if you suspect something is out of the ordinary then its time to call the police and either pass on the information or request to see an officer if necessary .	suspect	think	believe	know	assume	suppose	worry	fancy	suggest	perceive	detect
i suspect that all the other committees will have an away day and that all of those will have a european element .	suspect	think	fear	assume	suppose	doubt	believe	fancy	worry	suggest	persist
suspected of conspiracy , securities fraud and obstruction of justice , stewart is ultimately indicted , found guilty of all charges and sentenced to five months in prison followed by five months of house arrest .	suspected	accused	thought	convicted	guilty	found	considered	questioned	presumed	suggested	seemingly
here 's a cross-section : -- wizbang 's kevin alyward : '' i remain skeptical of the argument the schindler 's lawyers have put forth ( they claimed that terri schiavo 's religious and due process rights have been violated ) in their federal case , and suspect the supreme court may decided not to hear the case .	suspect	that	believe	think	fear	assume	hope	suggest	feel	suggests	worry
either way , it appears that the spdc commander suspects that the rice has gone to the knla .	suspects	thinks	believes	finds	suggests	fears	assumes	discovers	feels	hints	develops
i suspect i will be able to nitpick all counterarguments .	suspect	think	believe	doubt	suppose	assume	fear	guess	fancy	expect	worry
plaintiff presents , as an example of `` government spying , `` an incident in which another person is suspected , without factual basis , of being an infiltrator : on october 10 , 2001 , seattle central community college freedom socialists club held a form entitled `` a speakout against war .	suspected	accused	considered	suggested	questioned	thought	presumed	speculated	deemed	diagnosed	attested
spaghettini with mullet roe and grated vegetables , and penne with sundried tomatoes and basil were both full of flavour and pleasantly light , which was lucky as i was almost defeated by an exceptionally tender and tasty lamb shank to follow .	tender	delicate	fresh	thin	mature	lean	slender	vulnerable	stout	distinctive	tanned
women usually notice little change in their breasts , but if you are a man , your breasts may become slightly larger and may be tender .	tender	sensitive	delicate	affected	vulnerable	painful	pink	softer	passionate	yearning	scarred
`` i can be very , very strong , but on the other hand , i have very tender sentiments .	tender	delicate	gentle	romantic	complex	sensitive	vulnerable	solemn	fragile	wounded	emotional
rabbits often feed on young , tender perennial growth as it emerges in spring , or on young transplants .	tender	fresh	mature	delicate	vulnerable	tough	young	thin	robust	brittle	yielding
the grilled octopus was very tender .	tender	delicate	gentle	rare	tough	sensitive	fragile	meat	mature	vulnerable	distinctive
cook the rice , covered , over boiling water for about 30 minutes , or until the grains are tender .	tender	mature	fresh	thin	cooked	pink	raw	tough	vulnerable	scarred	paler
they feed at that period on the opening buds of maples , and others that are equally tender and juicy .	tender	delicate	juicy	fresh	mature	tough	young	slender	thin	vigorous	robust
anne bradstreet 's poetry is so tender and poignant , cotton mather 's preaching is both ornery and passionate , richard baxter 's reformed pastor is one of the classics , and jonathan edwards , is , well , jonathan edwards ( if you consider him a puritan , not everyone does. ) oh , by the way , great article about puritans here .	tender	gentle	delicate	soft	sensitive	thoughtful	romantic	mature	subtle	vulnerable	youthful
i fancy you would , perhaps , like the rule of the russians , who are very great friends of india and of mahomedans , and under whom the hindus will live in great comfort , and who will protect with the tenderest care the wealth and property which they have acquired under english rule ?	tenderest	greatest	most	utmost	least	deepest	finest	highest	slightest	smallest	last
after breaking though into the first team at the tenderest of ages , the youngster received his full international call up shortly afterwards .	tenderest	youngest	age	smallest	earliest	oldest	lowest	finest	slightest	closest	moment
yes , this had happened : the pirates to windward and the pirates to leeward of the agra had found out , at one and the same moment , that the merchant captain they had lashed , and bullied , and tortured was a patient but tremendous man .	tremendous	desperate	fearful	incapable	inhuman	ruthless	enormous	greedy	unpleasant	stout	ferocious
these occurrences are never reported to the general public because they would cause a tremendous backlash against the present system .	tremendous	significant	considerable	substantial	major	huge	massive	large	vast	sizable	drastic
`` it does not foster the tremendous sense of accomplishment that a child receives when another person can read his writing , `` she said .	tremendous	immense	same	enormous	profound	vast	considerable	substantial	extraordinary	newfound	expansive
-- posted by jess on august 12 , 2003 12:23 pm i think this idea has tremendous promise .	tremendous	great	immense	wonderful	considerable	enormous	much	incredible	substantial	a	demonstrated
over the last several decades , both the town and county have seen tremendous growth .	tremendous	significant	considerable	substantial	immense	vast	extensive	massive	brisk	sizable	substantive
organizational re-design we have seen the need in our transformation efforts to re-design some of our military organizations to harness the tremendous power of new technologies and exploit the synergy of joint forces .	tremendous	immense	enormous	vast	considerable	sheer	rising	staggering	unprecedented	purported	newfound
listen to the kangaroo , to her low moans and sighs , she 's just so upset about her tremendous thighs .	tremendous	muscular	marvelous	wonderful	own	damaged	big	bulging	throbbing	sizable	shredded
the tremendous mobilization of resources made the allied victory possible .	tremendous	enormous	vast	huge	immense	nationwide	substantial	extraordinary	wartime	substantive	sizable
at the september groundbreaking for the new academic building at george mason university , larry czarda , vice president for operations , prince william campus said : the surge of economic development in the manassas/prince william county area offers tremendous opportunities for growth and programming at the prince william campus as well as the potential for forging academic and research partnerships with our corporate neighbors .	tremendous	substantial	wonderful	immense	enormous	vast	considerable	greater	incredible	countless	the
there 's a tremendous amount of information on the kitimat pipeline .	tremendous	considerable	vast	large	substantial	huge	greater	wonderful	marvelous	immense	formidable
a first negative social effect of retrenchment programmes is the redistribution of incentives given for voluntary retirement ; these tend to attract the most skilled employees who have the best chances for advancement in the private sector but who are vital to the successful implementation of the reform .	vital	essential	crucial	critical	key	important	pivotal	fundamental	central	integral	sacrificed
4. ) bone is being reabsorbed from the skeleton in order to keep the vital blood level of calcium normal .	vital	critical	essential	human	crucial	basic	fundamental	fetal	sacred	skeletal	corresponding
it says that it has been inundated by correspondence from clubs that risk losing vital income that helps to keep their organisations alive .	vital	the	their	its	valuable	that	any	crucial	an	important	essential
( see resources. ) consulting them is a vital piece of the selection process as you 'll get a good idea of what 's appropriate or historic for your area .	vital	crucial	valuable	major	key	important	pivotal	essential	critical	fundamental	significant
information technology keeping out the wrong people tightened visa rules are slowing the vital flow of professionals into the u.s. like a forlorn estragon from samuel beckett 's waiting for godot , zubair malik has been waiting .	vital	important	crucial	steady	life	fledgling	dynamic	valuable	vibrant	dramatic	volatile
if anything , the mission understates its own vital role in order to keep the focus on local churches and their missionaries , but those of us who are served so well by gfa can testify that we would not be anywhere near as effective without these skilled , dedicated yoke-fellows in the lord 's work .	vital	important	essential	crucial	significant	critical	major	leading	valuable	dynamic	distinctive
replacing mideast oil is vital , but not by substituting equally or more vulnerable domestic sources .	vital	important	crucial	necessary	critical	essential	valuable	needed	desirable	required	strategic
protest is vital , but small , incessant protests are impotent . *** what do you do when the message wo n't get through ?	vital	important	essential	crucial	necessary	significant	valuable	needed	present	substantial	relevant
hearing aid wearers were provided access to the telephone system because congress recognized the vital nature of the phone system and the importance of everyone , including people with hearing loss , being able to access it .	vital	critical	essential	important	crucial	valuable	dynamic	basic	sacred	fundamental	volatile
`` troops continue to work to provide vital infrastructure throughout iraq .	vital	essential	critical	crucial	basic	important	significant	valuable	viable	supporting	structural
china , india , latin america and the rest of asia will help grow worldwide demand for electric power by 59 percent over the next two decades . '' the hydrogen economy is based on the idea that fuel cells that run on hydrogen have the potential to replace current energy systems in all forms , from vehicle propulsion to stationary power generation to mobile phone batteries .	worldwide	global	the	international	nationwide	globally	its	overall	their	a	lifetime
this has been , at times , merely an effort to gain greater public renown for their group or cause , but more troubling have been the groups seeking to push forward al-qaida 's agenda of worldwide terror .	worldwide	global	international	nationwide	widespread	spreading	regional	universal	overseas	multinational	cosmopolitan
this is where the information revolution is happening -- and our share of these voices is smaller and smaller -- so america must find way to reach and engage a wider , younger , more diverse worldwide audience .	worldwide	global	international	nationwide	local	online	lifetime	globally	cosmopolitan	multinational	millennia
that same thing could happen if we had a manhattan type project focusing on renewables , potential worldwide markets , if we are the leader , and we have every reason to be the leader because we have the biggest problem .	worldwide	global	international	regional	globally	nationwide	european	major	financial	multinational	cosmopolitan
at the time of writing , the anti-semitic policies of the soviet union are also a subject of worldwide protest .	worldwide	international	global	nationwide	widespread	ongoing	wide	globally	multinational	statewide	cosmopolitan
he suggested building an experimental hypertext ' web ' for the worldwide community of physicists who used cern and its publications .	worldwide	global	international	nationwide	widespread	online	wide	european	growing	underground	multinational
furthermore , non-residents can apply to be treated like a resident if his/her income from german sources is either at least 90 percent of his/her worldwide income or his/her non-german source income is less than dm12,000 ( 24,000 for married couples ) .	worldwide	global	own	lifetime	nationwide	overall	total	monthly	yearly	stated	statewide
after adding the separate partnerships of jlw ireland and jlw scotland , the combined total of our european and north american businesses represented approximately 75 % of worldwide revenue in 1998 , up from approximately 63 % in 1997 .	worldwide	global	its	international	the	our	overall	us	overseas	net	foreign
osis also provides its users with direct , yet protected , access to the internet and its broad range of worldwide open source information resources .	worldwide	global	international	nationwide	online	globally	internationally	widely	statewide	multinational	geographically
like maypoles , wreaths too , as she points out , figure in may day as well as summer solstice celebrations . http : //www.schooloftheseasons.com/signssummer.html [ link updated 5/20/02 ] [ added 26 may 2000 ] : this fun page collects worldwide insights from people who write to waverly and comment on how summer begins for them .	worldwide	global	international	unique	valuable	and	online	some	nationwide	surprising	lifetime
may 13 , 2002 - dunn 's execution , scheduled for may 14th , was stayed by the fifth circuit pending resolution of the appeal .	execution	death	assassination	prosecution	trial	murder	imprisonment	sentence	termination	enactment	ordination
no . 19504 regents action date : december 20 , 2001 action : application for consent order granted ; penalty agreed upon : 2 year suspension , execution of suspension stayed , probation 2 years , $ 5,000 fine .	execution	death	implementation	completion	enforcement	order	office	termination	duration	suspension	enactment
more broadly , it provides context for the question of what immediate executions are worth to investors .	executions	outcomes	actions	effects	decisions	operations	consequences	releases	budgets	impacts	emissions
especially in a legislature such as the english , in which the responsibility for the execution of the laws is and must be felt .	execution	enforcement	implementation	operation	administration	interpretation	expression	enactment	organization	oversight	accomplishment
found is set this way when the for loop exits ; inside the execution of the loop , found is not modified by the for statement , although it may be changed by the execution of other statements within the loop body .	execution	implementation	exit	completion	end	iteration	termination	duration	body	continuation	initiation
of course , this approach requires good execution including strong encryption and authentication , and secure key management .	execution	implementation	performance	operation	practice	infrastructure	implementations	coordination	evaluation	oversight	outcomes
but a new survey shows that the execution of ms. tucker and the resulting debate led some residents of the lone star state to have second thoughts about capital punishment .	execution	death	murder	assassination	arrest	release	hanging	trial	prosecution	punishment	imprisonment
i understand that the presence of those individuals that came to the congress to testify about the years they had spent awaiting execution before having being declared innocent was particularly moving and valuable .	execution	death	murder	trial	assassination	punishment	imprisonment	destruction	arrest	elimination	immortality
the most poignant part of the book is when we learn of raw 's loss of his 15-year old daughter to a murderer and how he dealt with the pain and grief ( it was not , incidentally , by calling the murderer names and demanding his execution ) .	execution	death	punishment	destruction	arrest	life	vengeance	sacrifice	innocence	exit	evacuation
although i told you after the program how pleased i was and how successful i felt everything went , what i did n't tell you after the program was this : on a scale of 1 to 10 , your execution was also a '' 10 !	execution	performance	writing	program	evaluation	output	expression	programming	memory	implementation	accomplishment
happiness is a by-product of function .	function	life	form	result	structure	health	purpose	activity	expression	number	disease
4 how can one generate the probability density function of an erlang distribution using stella ?	function	form	system	coefficient	structure	unit	point	ratio	theory	model	map
these functions also use scheduling priority to decide which thread gets to execute when there is contention .	functions	features	systems	tasks	programs	problems	sequences	events	duties	variables	controllers
functions of the presidency one way of bringing focus to the presidency is to determine what the functions of the position should be .	functions	duties	features	structures	activities	responsibilities	tasks	purposes	roles	works	settings
the orientation of unionids in rivers as a function of the hydrological variability .	function	result	feature	characteristic	measure	consequence	product	cause	variation	factor	host
because of the obvious incapacity of these bourgeois classes to fulfill the normal economic function of a bourgeoisie , each of them faces a subversion based on the bureaucratic model , more or less adapted to local peculiarities , and eager to seize the heritage of this bourgeoisie .	function	task	role	purpose	structure	feature	mission	activity	act	duty	unit
the composition , structure , function and distribution of populations and the biology of population communities ( producers , consumers , and decomposers ) , ecosystems , nutrient cycles , energy flow , bio-geographical cycles , human impact on environment will be covered .	function	form	number	structure	behavior	health	shape	condition	status	variation	formation
however , their arguments are identical in function to the creationists ' arguments : rather than provide positive evidence for their own position , they mainly try to find weaknesses in natural selection .	function	form	structure	nature	purpose	name	principle	concept	practice	question	theme
its main function is to act as a bridge between your hi-fi and computer , so that you can stream music from one to the other .	function	purpose	feature	task	role	duty	business	mission	name	unit	job
where most experiments show only `` shadows `` of the wave function in the form of measurement outcomes , konrad was able to go one step further , designing and implementing a measurement scheme that is sensitive enough to reveal the complete function .	function	form	system	structure	result	equation	model	expression	force	number	factor
