harry also becomes the worthy possessor of the remaining deathly hallows : the invisibility cloak and the resurrection stone , hence becoming the true master of death .	possessor	owner	proprietor	host	recipient	bearer	incumbent	holder	heir	master	successor	owner
escapologists escape from handcuffs , straitjackets , cages , coffins , steel boxes , barrels , bags , burning buildings , fish-tanks and other perils , often in combination .	perils	dangers	complications	devices	risks	types	situations	traps	difficulties	methods	precautions	dangers
the storm continued , crossing the outer banks of north carolina , and retained its strength until june 20 when it became extratropical near newfoundland .	retained	maintained	remained	kept	conserved	held	exhibited	sustained	preserved	continued	regained	maintained
the united states convened a 13-nation conference of the international opium commission in 1909 in shanghai , china in response to increasing criticism of the opium trade .	convened	summoned	hosted	assembled	scheduled	held	staged	commissioned	gathered	formulated	presided	summoned
dodd simply retained his athletic director position , which he had acquired in 1950 .	acquired	obtained	gained	accumulated	purchased	attained	secured	bought	amassed	inherited	earned	obtained
radiometric dating is a technique used to date materials , usually based on a comparison between the observed abundance of a naturally occurring radioactive isotope and its decay products , using known decay rates .	abundance	amount	quantity	prevalence	occurrence	population	accumulation	amounts	concentration	presence	concentrations	amount
bacterial contaminants are ubiquitous , and foods left unused too long will often acquire substantial amounts of bacterial colonies and become dangerous to eat , leading to food poisoning .	substantial	significant	large	considerable	massive	sizable	sufficient	extensive	certain	excessive	heavy	large
tibooburra has an arid , desert climate with temperatures soaring above 40 celsius in summer , often reaching as high as 47 c .	arid	dry	alternative	harsh	extreme	desert	open	alternate	ancient	active	exotic	dry
hanna meandered around the southeastern bahamas , weakening to a tropical storm while also dumping heavy rain on already-devastated haiti .	meandered	drifted	curved	moved	wandered	continued	travelled	tracked	traveled	traced	raced	moved
das rheingold is the first of the four operas that comprise der ring des nibelungen , by richard wagner .	comprise	constitute	contain	construct	form	collect	assemble	consume	depart	aggregate	encompass	constitute
published by tor books , it was released on august 15 , 1994 in hardcover , and in paperback on july 15 , 1997 .	released	published	opened	sold	issued	launched	available	written	found	located	produced	published
by 1960 he had developed the short story into a screenplay , and envisaged it as containing a suitable role for monroe .	envisaged	regarded	intended	anticipated	realised	identified	imagined	indicated	contemplated	considered	illustrated	regarded
with poor sales of the a340-200 , airbus decided to use the fuselage of the a340-200 with the wings and engines of the a330-300 .	fuselage	body	chassis	layout	backbone	platform	hull	structure	fabric	frame	cockpit	body
the last event was held on june 11 , 2000 , not to be held again due to the acquisition of wcw by world wrestling federation .	acquisition	absorption	purchase	ownership	interception	enrollment	takeover	administration	owner	merger	sale	purchase
kowal suggested the name and the iau endorsed it in 1975 .	endorsed	approved	adopted	sanctioned	supported	ratified	backed	sponsored	accepted	upheld	accredited	approved
dry air wrapping around the southern periphery of the cyclone eroded most of the deep convection by early on september 12 .	periphery	fringe	rim	quadrant	coastline	heartland	edges	outskirts	verge	radius	edge	edges
alfonso drops the marriage contract in front of the officers , and , when they read it , they become enraged .	enraged	outraged	aggravated	furious	angry	angered	appalled	agitated	impatient	alarmed	exasperated	angry
located on the river pedieos and situated almost in the center of the island , it is the seat of government as well as the main business center .	situated	positioned	located	centred	nowadays	lodged	placed	erected	constituted	precisely	hence	located
it has now been determined that europa is a prograde rotator , but the exact direction in which its pole points remains ambiguous .	ambiguous	unclear	uncertain	obscure	vague	unspecified	oblique	cryptic	elusive	arbitrary	anonymous	unclear
the bishops ceded the oversticht to the emperor charles v in 1528 , who styled himself `` lord of overijssel '' , thereby giving the province its modern name .	ceded	surrendered	leased	pledged	transferred	conceded	donated	granted	relinquished	bequeathed	yielded	surrendered
many parts of odessa were damaged during its siege and recapture on 10 april 1944 , when the city was finally liberated by the red army .	siege	blockade	garrison	bombardment	recapture	campaign	capture	surrender	conquest	defence	rescue	bombardment
the city was first founded by the british in 1827 , who leased the island from spain during the colonial period .	leased	rented	licensed	occupied	contracted	reclaimed	took	sampled	appropriated	purchased	recaptured	occupied
in reference to the landscape , bush describes a wooded area , intermediate between a shrubland and a forest , generally of dry and nitrogen-poor soil , mostly grassless , thin to thick woody shrubs and bushes , under a sparse canapy of eucalypts .	sparse	dense	thick	scarce	loose	thin	coarse	marginal	minimal	scattered	faint	thick
they locate food by smell , using sensors in the tip of their snout , and regularly feast on ants and termites .	snout	nose	muzzle	beak	noses	skull	tail	tails	nosed	forehead	nostrils	nose
at present it is formed by the aa , which descends from the rigi and enters the southern extremity of the lake .	extremity	end	part	edge	arm	tip	limit	angle	side	boundary	point	end
specialized english operates in the civil society sector , and the developers aspire to make programs for a variety of public service purposes , subject to resources being available .	aspire	strive	aim	as	afford	claim	endeavor	undertake	endeavour	gaze	attempt	aim
this period spanned the years from 1278 through 1288 .	spanned	encompassed	embraced	wiped	started	merged	leapt	reached	covered	stretched	crossed	encompassed
realising that the gang could not elude the police forever , moondyne joe formulated a plan to escape the colony by traveling overland to the colony of south australia .	elude	evade	escape	avoid	el	dodge	eva	flee	ignore	satisfy	escaped	escape
southeastern oklahoma , also known by its official tourism designation , kiamichi country , encompasses the southeastern quarter of the state of oklahoma .	encompasses	comprises	constitutes	occupies	incorporates	surrounds	contains	covers	addresses	is	spans	comprises
in 2001 , unesco inscribed the 2,750-year-old city on the world heritage list as samarkand - crossroads of cultures .	inscribed	engraved	listed	designated	enlisted	honoured	incorporated	erected	entered	added	bestowed	listed
to enjoy qin songs , one must learn to become accustomed to the eccentric style some players may sing their songs to , like in the case of zha fuxi .	eccentric	different	unusual	unconventional	particular	eclectic	bizarre	musical	informal	strange	improvised	different
as a result of this acquisition and the legal dispute with hearst corporation , mandrakesoft announced that the new company name would be mandriva , and that mandriva linux would be the new name covering products .	dispute	fight	conflict	argument	contest	battle	settlement	controversy	struggle	debate	claim	conflict
he was born at plessiel , a hamlet of drucat near abbeville , to a long-established family of picardy , the great-nephew of the painter eustache le sueur .	hamlet	part	settlement	locality	portion	town	village	shed	parish	community	borough	village
their quick acceleration makes them suitable for services with short intervals between stations .	suitable	compatible	useful	convenient	fitting	appropriate	favourable	popular	pleasant	sufficient	attractive	useful
aung san suu kyi returned to burma in 1988 to take care of her ailing mother .	ailing	dying	sick	ill	elderly	injured	ai	growing	aged	old	struggling	sick
port arthur was also the destination for juvenile convicts , receiving many boys , some as young as nine arrested for stealing toys .	juvenile	youth	young	junior	teenage	youthful	adolescent	trainee	criminal	cadet	child	young
the international re-formed in 1923 , and was reconstituted again , in its present form , after world war ii .	reconstituted	reorganized	reformed	constituted	reunited	restored	formed	gathered	assembled	founded	reinstated	reorganized
the amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .	tributaries	derivatives	headwaters	basins	subsidiaries	sources	drains	rivers	satellites	predecessors	components	headwaters
typically , the biggest difference between film and stage musicals is the use of lavish background scenery which would be impractical in a theater .	lavish	elaborate	extravagant	rich	expensive	large	extensive	heavy	costly	spectacular	massive	elaborate
following the hassles ' demise in 1969 , he formed the duo attila with hassles drummer jon small .	demise	breakup	dissolution	termination	death	formation	downfall	fate	resignation	conclusion	tenure	death
the first amniotes , such as casineria , resembled small lizards and evolved from amphibian reptiliomorphs about 340 million years ago .	resembled	were	comprised	shaped	faced	featured	appeared	represented	adorned	became	included	were
in 1999 , a world tamil confederation was established to protect and foster tamil culture and further a sense of togetherness amongst tamils in different countries .	foster	safeguard	promote	flourish	create	strengthen	stimulate	revive	develop	favour	protect	promote
historically , in the warm mediterranean and middle eastern climates , the courtyard served to accommodate the large number of worshippers during friday prayers .	accommodate	facilitate	support	encompass	relocate	permit	harbor	capacity	berth	contain	serve	facilitate
john mccain polled 62.5 % in the 2008 presidential election while 70.9 % of utahns opted for george w. bush in 2004 .	opted	voted	chose	campaigned	decided	preferred	voting	accounted	volunteered	favoured	participated	voted
throughout most of the film , his only true friend , aside from his mother , is the mouse , timothy - a relationship parodying the stereotypical animosity between mice and elephants .	animosity	rivalry	hostility	relationship	friendship	hatred	aggression	disdain	sentiment	bitterness	opposition	rivalry
the band is known for its large line-up , which consists of nine members ; including a vocalist , two guitarists , a bassist , two percussionists in addition to a primary drummer , a sampler , and a turntablist .	vocalist	singer	frontman	soprano	novelist	protagonist	rapper	narrator	performer	drummer	bassist	singer
digital signatures are equivalent to traditional handwritten signatures in many respects ; properly implemented digital signatures are more difficult to forge than the handwritten type .	forge	fake	produce	break	achieve	verify	secure	generate	copy	sign	create	produce
triton was revealed to have remarkable active geysers and polar caps .	remarkable	both	unusually	several	extraordinary	large	very	notable	exceptionally	unusual	numerous	both
polar bear fur consists of a layer of dense underfur and an outer layer of guard hairs , which appear white to tan but are actually transparent .	transparent	opaque	clear	yellowish	clearer	yellow	white	tinted	visible	invisible	glass	clear
the most common reason for erecting a khachkar was for votive reasons - for the salvation of the soul of either a living or a deceased person .	deceased	dead	widowed	departed	died	living	committed	dying	retired	fallen	childless	dead
scene 2 : the doctor rushes by the captain in the street , who urges him to slow down .	urges	advises	encourages	tells	orders	leads	influences	charms	insists	tips	commands	tells
the revival of lute in the 20th century revitalized the interest of composers in the instruments of the lute family .	revival	resurgence	rebirth	renaissance	reunion	restoration	return	recovery	resort	reissue	salvage	resurgence
lancelot de carles called her `` beautiful with an elegant figure '' , and a venetian in paris in 1528 also reported that she was said to be beautiful .	reported	described	remarked	noted	claimed	confirmed	recorded	said	observed	wrote	engaged	noted
he is notable as a performer of australian traditional folk songs in an authentic style .	performer	singer	practitioner	vocalist	soloist	presenter	player	specialist	participant	musician	producer	singer
the false gharial , also known as the malayan gharial , false gavial , or tomistoma is a fresh-water reptile resembling a crocodile with a very thin and elongated snout , which is thicker than the gharial .	elongated	extended	altered	angled	elliptical	oversized	arched	eccentric	abbreviated	expanded	long	extended
he held several senior positions in the royal flying corps during world war i , serving as the commander of royal flying corps in france from 1915 to 1917 .	senior	prominent	prestigious	significant	junior	leadership	central	command	major	powerful	general	prominent
the hush sound is currently on hiatus .	hiatus	pause	hold	tour	recess	rotation	resume	contract	suspension	retirement	rehearsals	tour
monte plata is a province of the dominican republic , and also the name of its capital city . it was split from san crist_bal in 1992 .	province	district	division	region	municipality	governorate	department	city	county	town	river	district
from 1908 to 1911 he was the principal conductor of the vienna hofoper succeeding gustav mahler ; he retained the conductorship of the vienna philharmonic until 1927 .	retained	maintained	kept	remained	continued	held	upheld	conserved	shared	resumed	defended	maintained
mexican cinnamon hot chocolate is traditionally served alongside a variety of mexican pastries known as pan dulce and , as in spain , churros .	traditionally	historically	typically	usually	generally	commonly	originally	often	also	formerly	predominantly	typically
cholera , sometimes known as asiatic or epidemic cholera , is an infectious gastroenteritis caused by enterotoxin-producing strains of the bacterium vibrio cholerae .	strains	varieties	spores	versions	bacteria	variants	cells	generations	types	mutations	cultures	varieties
a hurricane struck dominica and puerto rico between july 22 and july 24 .	struck	touched	rocked	ravaged	fractured	threatened	hit	sustained	formed	visited	reached	touched
in 1975 the old district steinfurt was merged with the district tecklenburg , and together with greven and saerbeck from the former district m_nster the current district was formed .	formed	created	made	shaped	born	joined	founded	reformed	composed	reduced	organised	created
it was discovered by a team of astronomers led by brett j. gladman , et al . in 2003 .	discovered	found	detected	observed	published	determined	named	announced	located	obtained	identified	found
city of faizabad is the headquarters of faizabad district and a municipal board in the state of uttar pradesh , india , situated on the banks of river ghaghra .	headquarters	capital	offices	center	hq	centers	chief	settlements	capitals	seats	leaders	center
hms guardian set out before the convict ships but struck ice after leaving the cape of good hope , returned to southern africa and was wrecked on the coast .	returned	reported	back	continued	sent	sailed	referred	went	turned	due	headed	went
on 1 october 1983 the pilot project began operations as a full-fledged bank and was renamed the grameen bank to make loans to poor bangladeshis .	full-fledged	fledged	proper	capable	functional	mature	chartered	real	mainstream	functioning	true	proper
riel sought to preserve mtis rights and culture as their homelands in the northwest came progressively under the canadian sphere of influence .	sought	desired	attempted	seeks	advocated	aimed	pursued	targeted	seeking	noted	intended	attempted
they are characterized by spirituality and metaphysical themes , extremely long takes , lack of conventional dramatic structure and plot , and memorable cinematography .	cinematography	visuals	shots	photography	imagery	scenes	filming	cameras	sequences	footage	filmmaking	scenes
glaciologically , ice age implies the presence of extensive ice sheets in the northern and southern hemispheres ; by this definition we are still in the ice age that began at the start of the pleistocene .	definition	criterion	conception	design	notion	description	method	statement	designation	diagnosis	interpretation	description
grolangheim is a municipality in the district of kitzingen in bavaria in germany .	municipality	village	town	community	commune	city	hamlet	borough	parish	township	member	town
when a fair weather waterspout makes landfall it quickly dissipates as it loses the inflow of warm air into the vortex .	dissipates	fades	collapses	sinks	separates	forms	drains	dies	loses	states	flees	collapses
after receiving the news of the important award , yunus announced that he would use part of his share of the $ 1.4 million award money to create a company to make low-cost , high-nutrition food for the poor ; while the rest would go toward setting up an eye hospital for the poor in bangladesh .	announced	declared	stated	revealed	informed	advertised	unveiled	proclaimed	said	ordered	released	declared
phillip was appointed governor of new south wales , the first european colony on the australian continent , and was the founder of the site which is now the city of sydney .	appointed	made	the	installed	named	commissioned	elected	established	acclaimed	confirmed	created	named
after the demise of the whl , however , the stanley cup was awarded exclusively to the nhl playoff champion , and the wales trophy was given to the regular season champion .	exclusively	solely	only	entirely	strictly	specifically	primarily	independently	purely	universally	mainly	solely
italy purchased the city in 1905 and made mogadishu the capital of italian somaliland .	purchased	bought	acquired	obtained	captured	owned	patented	claimed	sold	seized	chartered	bought
the short-beaked echidna is an iconic animal in contemporary australia , notably appearing on the australian five-cent piece and on a $ 200 commemorative coin released in 1992 .	contemporary	western	modern	current	broader	australian	metropolitan	indigenous	mainland	coastal	colonial	western
situated 13 miles southeast of seattle , washington , renton straddles the southeast shore of lake washington .	situated	located	positioned	centred	approximately	established	precisely	anchored	erected	about	found	located
yass is a prominent area for raising sheep which produce very fine wool due to the soil and climatic conditions of the yass area .	prominent	notable	leading	prevalent	common	popular	desirable	famous	significant	predominant	distinguished	notable
the interest was so great that developers found themselves advertising the parks rather than their own developments , as the highest prices would exist for the park perceived to be best .	advertising	promoting	marketing	selling	announcing	ordering	expanding	targeting	offering	contracting	ad	marketing
the romans believed the fumes produced by burning castoreum could induce an abortion ; paracelsus thought it could be used in the treatment of epilepsy ; and medieval beekeepers used it to increase honey production .	produced	formed	created	generated	made	caused	achieved	released	left	fired	forged	created
outcast of redwall is a fantasy novel by brian jacques , published in 1995 .	novel	book	story	thriller	series	fiction	paperback	tale	written	work	mystery	book
with the others bailed out for various food items , tom was the last man standing and won immunity .	various	certain	different	common	miscellaneous	respective	alternative	some	sometime	dubious	other	different
jamie farr is an american television and film actor and popular game show panelist .	panelist	host	contestant	personality	participant	judge	moderator	commentator	presenter	guest	speaker	host
the association of virtue with withdrawal from society - and specifically from cities - was a familiar theme in religious literature .	theme	topic	motif	subject	feature	metaphor	concept	genre	issue	element	problem	topic
at the end of each season , a series of playoff games are contested among the top six teams in the nfc , consisting of the four division champions and the two other teams with the best win-loss records .	contested	comprised	sought	played	coveted	produced	disputed	competed	anticipated	held	shared	played
after the partitions of poland in 1794 the area was annexed by prussia .	annexed	acquired	conquered	invaded	administered	submitted	integrated	incorporated	donated	adopted	ceded	conquered
a british nobleman , lord stanhope , took an interest in hauser and gained custody of him late in 1831 .	gained	obtained	acquired	regained	achieved	retained	attained	secured	sought	became	took	obtained
simon phillip cowell is an english music executive , television producer and entrepreneur .	entrepreneur	proprietor	businessman	founder	activist	investor	author	philanthropist	inventor	explorer	broadcaster	businessman
the principal greenhouse , in an art nouveau style with a modern metallic structure , resembles the mid-19th century crystal palace in london .	resembles	recalls	echoes	suggests	reflects	features	follows	depicts	copies	matches	references	echoes
metlink , formerly the met , is the marketing body and umbrella brand for public train , tram and bus transport operators in greater melbourne , victoria , australia .	brand	label	mark	name	term	group	team	range	banner	logo	organisation	name
schoenberg refused , saying `` i would only make you a bad schoenberg , and you 're such a good gershwin already . ''	refused	declined	objected	rejected	protested	insisted	accepted	resisted	disagreed	replied	obliged	declined
however media outlets soon found ways around the ban , initially by the use of subtitles , but later and more commonly by the use of an actor reading his words over the images of him speaking .	initially	subsequently	firstly	first	largely	previously	early	originally	ultimately	generally	immediately	first
however , the new king , louis xviii , knew that ideas of nationalism and democracy still lingered in his country ; hence the establishment and signing of the charte constitutionnelle franaise , the french constitution otherwise known as la charte .	hence	via	thus	whereby	particularly	therefore	see	consequently	namely	and	notwithstanding	thus
in 1639 , williams established a baptist church in providence , rhode island , and clarke began a baptist church in newport , rhode island .	established	began	founded	organized	initiated	opened	acquired	concluded	erected	created	formed	founded
while each edition of windows 2000 was targeted to a different market , they share a core set of features , including many system utilities such as the microsoft management console and standard system administration applications .	core	basic	similar	central	complementary	common	base	distinct	fundamental	primary	center	central
the battalion is usually part of a regiment , group or a brigade , depending on the organizational model used by that service .	usually	always	typically	mostly	commonly	sometimes	often	generally	normally	traditionally	originally	typically
intense feelings of resentment trigger the initial retaliation , which causes the other party to feel equally aggrieved and vengeful .	retaliation	counterattack	response	revenge	confrontation	reaction	resentment	backlash	vengeance	hostility	rivalry	revenge
slipknot is a heavy metal band formed by vocalist and percussionist anders colsefni , guitarists donnie steele and josh `` gnar '' brainard , bassist paul gray , drummer joey jordison and percussionist shawn crahan , in des moines , iowa .	formed	founded	created	assembled	composed	developed	started	joined	began	established	built	founded
the most recent goaltender to have scored a goal by deliberately shooting the puck into his opponents ' net was evgeni nabokov , in 2002 .	deliberately	intentionally	purposely	consciously	secretly	forcibly	accidentally	precisely	supposedly	not	personally	intentionally
these notable synagogues include ; the great synagogue of rome , the new synagogue , the leopoldst_dter tempel , the grand choral synagogue , the great synagogue , the moscow choral synagogue , the great synagogue of florence , the great synagogue , plzen , the great synagogue , the ko ice orthodox synagogue , the novi sad synagogue , the szeged synagogue , the sofia synagogue and the great synagogue of oran .	notable	significant	prominent	famed	famous	historic	major	renowned	several	remarkable	large	prominent
the northern and western edges of the cotswolds are marked by steep escarpments down to the severn valley and the warwickshire avon .	escarpments	slopes	terraces	ridges	cliffs	grades	edges	defences	sides	declines	ramps	cliffs
the roof of the west stand is corrugated iron this also houses the main television gantry which is accessed from the upper tier seating area by a temporary ladder .	tier	level	stage	deck	row	storey	balcony	truss	section	terrace	partition	level
it gradually decayed into a surface low pressure trough , and developed into two disturbances ; one was centered 290 miles south-southeast of cape cod and another was located 200 miles south of cape hatteras , north carolina .	gradually	slowly	steadily	eventually	progressively	successively	continuously	largely	rapidly	then	nearly	slowly
while in cambrai he collaborated with nicolas grenon on a complete revision of the liturgical musical collection of the cathedral , which included writing an extensive collection of polyphonic music for services .	included	involved	added	began	was	meant	continued	covered	consisted	started	finished	was
nevertheless , until the middle of the 20th century , agriculture dominated the canton .	nevertheless	nonetheless	therefore	however	still	although	accordingly	notwithstanding	indeed	furthermore	subsequently	however
this category contains articles about albums released on island records .	contains	addresses	lists	holds	displays	delivers	incorporates	includes	encompasses	portrays	describes	includes
kasem is best known by name as a music historian and disc jockey , most notably as host of the weekly american top 40 radio program from 1970 to 1988 , and again from march 1998 until january 10 , 2004 , when ryan seacrest succeeded him .	program	show	segment	series	host	format	personality	broadcast	portion	title	competition	show
spun yarns may contain a single type of fiber , or be a blend of various types . combining synthetic fibers with natural fibers is very common .	various	several	numerous	different	differing	certain	diverse	similar	many	respective	common	several
the atmosphere was so intense that gring , in a telephone call that evening , stated : `` there is unbelievable jubilation in austria .	stated	announced	declared	said	released	provided	wrote	noted	spoke	commented	described	said
several other hollywood films are also believed to have been inspired by bollywood films .	inspired	influenced	adapted	animated	based	informed	motivated	triggered	invented	prompted	caused	influenced
the island of ireland lies only 30 k from the southwestern peninsula of kintyre ; norway is 305 k to the east and the faroes , 270 k to the north .	peninsula	cape	tip	coastline	part	point	gulf	snout	plateau	wedge	mainland	coastline
the kingdom of the franks under charlemagne was particularly hard-hit by these raiders , who could sail down the seine with near impunity .	impunity	ease	immunity	certainty	authority	probability	terror	unrest	independence	silence	anarchy	ease
during its boom times , beechworth town boasted a range of industries including , a tannery , jewellers , boot makers , a brewery , blacksmiths , livestock sale yards .	livestock	and	cattle	animal	stock	sheep	animals	horse	cow	poultry	&	cattle
traditionally , after a long period of consuming gimjang kimchi during the winter , fresh potherbs and vegetables were popular for making kimchi . these kinds of kimchi were not fermented or even stored for long periods of time but were consumed fresh .	period	tract	time	range	group	duration	sequence	spell	position	term	region	time
on 5 february 2007 , apple inc. and apple corps announced a settlement of their trademark dispute under which apple inc. will own all of the trademarks related to `` apple '' and will license certain of those trademarks back to apple corps for their continued use .	announced	unveiled	released	introduced	published	ordered	opened	advertised	approved	launched	established	released
canadian english is the variety of english used in canada . more than 26 million canadians have some knowledge of english .	variety	type	form	style	dialect	diversity	version	strain	corruption	range	grammar	form
the books were later adapted into a television series and a feature film .	adapted	arranged	developed	edited	applied	turned	adopted	elaborated	converted	engineered	inspired	developed
the mtr was immediately popular with residents of hong kong ; as a result , subsequent lines have been built to cover more territory . there are continual debates regarding how and where to expand the mtr network .	immediately	instantly	extremely	quickly	initially	very	unexpectedly	already	soon	easily	instant	instantly
this is a considerably higher total than that of any other european country .	considerably	comparatively	slightly	somewhat	significantly	tract	much	particularly	notably	predominantly	noticeably	significantly
his reign spanned the years from 809 through 823 .	spanned	encompassed	embraced	crossed	covered	wiped	conquered	encompasses	across	drained	lasted	covered
in 1269 it was the seat of a famous battle during the wars of guelphs and ghibellines and in 1479 it was besieged by neapolitan troops .	besieged	siege	stormed	conquered	raided	invaded	attacked	captured	bombed	occupied	recaptured	siege
once a flourishing saxon riverport , it lies in the waveney valley and is a popular boating center .	lies	lays	lay	is	stretches	stands	sits	runs	rests	hides	doubles	lay
then cogswell asked gallaudet to travel to europe to study methods for teaching deaf students , especially those of the braidwood family in edinburgh , scotland .	travel	journey	voyage	depart	trip	move	visit	return	migrate	go	fly	journey
swiss cheese is a generic name common to many countries for several related varieties of cheese which resemble the swiss emmental .	resemble	approximate	mimic	recall	reproduce	imitation	comprise	like	shape	include	copy	like
fiction records is a uk formerly indie label , now wholly owned by polydor a subsidiary of universal music group , started by chris parry in 1978 that is best known as being the home of the cure for over 20 years .	owned	bought	sold	acquired	held	operated	purchased	organized	controlled	inherited	headed	operated
the sculpture was made from the same weathering steel as the angel of the north sculpture , which gradually develops a tightly adhering oxide layer as it is exposed to the elements .	gradually	slowly	progressively	eventually	successively	steadily	continuously	largely	also	quickly	soon	slowly
valzacchi and annina now offer their services to him .	services	skills	assistance	practices	firms	contracts	activities	duties	companies	talents	ways	assistance
because carbon dioxide is released at a faster rate through the acid-base reaction than through fermentation , breads made by chemical leavening are called quick breads .	released	emitted	produced	dissipated	discharged	lost	raised	leaked	created	surrendered	freed	produced
as an adult , he was charged with a long list of crimes , including possession of counterfeit money , loitering and prowling , burglary , kidnapping and armed robbery .	loitering	wandering	stalking	roaming	patrolling	lurking	scouting	walking	sneaking	drifting	whistling	wandering
it was founded where the nascent sydney to melbourne road crossed water in the form of the yass river .	nascent	nas	fledgling	first	developing	newborn	former	earliest	founding	early	precursor	first
heights are measured to the structural height , which includes architectural elements , but not communications spires or antennas , per the guidelines of the council on tall buildings and urban habitat .	includes	covers	encompasses	remains	collects	combines	calls	adds	totals	contains	is	covers
the dam was completed in 1974 and was designed to store water from the indus river for irrigation and flood control , and for the generation of hydro-electric power .	designed	built	intended	planned	dedicated	redesigned	developed	constructed	located	used	engineered	built
xanten is also a popular filming location and the site of many concerts .	site	location	scene	seat	source	subject	centre	home	center	place	point	location
loch ness is best known for the alleged sightings of the legendary loch ness monster , also known as `` nessie '' .	legendary	mythical	famed	mystical	titular	mythological	fictional	supposed	fictitious	reputed	notorious	mythical
security-enhanced linux is a linux feature that provides a mechanism for supporting access control security policies , including u.s. department of defense style mandatory access controls , through the use of linux security modules in the linux kernel .	provides	presents	offers	creates	includes	comprises	portrays	forms	establishes	allows	is	offers
it lies on the southern side of lake constance .	lies	is	lays	runs	sits	stands	stretches	falls	rests	lay	rises	is
the croatia national football team represents the republic of croatia in international football .	represents	depicts	reflects	delegates	hosts	serves	supports	portrays	indicates	involves	performs	serves
it is rare and valuable in finer grades and has been prized as a gem and ornamental stone for thousands of years owing to its unique hue .	hue	colour	sheen	coloration	appearance	color	quality	qualities	colours	complexion	shade	color
a tuning fork or electronic tuning device may be used as a reference pitch , though in ensemble rehearsals often a piano is used .	reference	standard	starting	counter	guide	bench	ground	test	base	control	common	standard
peter became extratropical on december 11 , and was absorbed by a cold front shortly thereafter .	thereafter	afterward	northward	beforehand	subsequently	concurrently	likewise	nonetheless	additionally	prior	accordingly	afterward
in 2003 , dushku appeared in wrong turn , a horror film in which she had the starring role , and the kiss , an independent comedy-drama .	appeared	starred	acted	performed	featured	participated	played	was	portrayed	debuted	worked	starred
his fighting style is primarily judo but has been modified to fight without the use of a judogi .	primarily	mostly	largely	mainly	predominantly	chiefly	typically	originally	essentially	generally	initially	mostly
in 1901 , an independent governor was again appointed .	appointed	installed	established	elected	confirmed	introduced	announced	awarded	employed	created	made	elected
the album primarily deals with social issues that the band points on through various songs .	points	touches	focuses	speaks	takes	comments	reflects	draws	focus	comment	centers	touches
a state religion is a religious body or creed officially endorsed by the state .	endorsed	sponsored	sanctioned	supported	approved	backed	mandated	lauded	authorized	funded	favored	supported
it initially was completely dark , but as voyager 2 approached the planet , a bright core developed and can be seen in most of the highest-resolution images .	initially	originally	previously	immediately	earlier	also	early	generally	ultimately	subsequently	therefore	originally
according to kojiki , the entrance to yomi lies in izumo province and was sealed off by izanagi-no-mikoto upon his flight from yomi , at which time he permanently blocked the entrance by placing a massive boulder at the base of the slope that leads to yomi . upon his return to ashihara-no-nakatsukuni , izanagi noted that yomi is a `` polluted land '' .	placing	putting	installing	performing	laying	removing	constructing	building	positioning	establishing	setting	putting
its status as an official geological period was ratified in 2004 by the international union of geological sciences , making it the first new geological period declared in 120 years .	ratified	secured	confirmed	resolved	declared	notified	stipulated	attained	ceded	sanctioned	defined	declared
nearby there is the goobang national park , and peak hill which features an open cut mine that can be toured during holidays .	features	houses	has	spots	is	includes	seats	showcases	displays	hosts	contains	has
good friday , also called holy friday , black friday , or great friday , is a holiday observed primarily by adherents to christianity commemorating the crucifixion of jesus and his death at calvary .	primarily	largely	mainly	chiefly	predominantly	mostly	typically	solely	prominently	exclusively	initially	mainly
as of , it lies at latitude 66 33 39 south of the equator .	lies	lays	sits	is	stands	falls	rests	runs	lay	measures	rises	is
during the first boer war , the city was besieged by republican forces in december 1880 and march 1881 .	besieged	siege	stormed	encircled	fortified	evacuated	invested	stranded	garrison	threatened	leased	siege
one of the defining aspects of the nintendo gamecube is the rejuvenated relationship between nintendo and its licensees . unlike previous generations in which nintendo was seen by some as bullying its third-party game developers , nintendo openly sought game-development aid on the nintendo gamecube .	rejuvenated	renewed	improved	new	enhanced	expanded	ongoing	strengthened	changed	extended	continued	new
montgomery county of the u.s. state of maryland is situated just north of washington , d.c. and southwest of baltimore .	situated	located	positioned	modelled	centred	erected	lodged	constituted	placed	stationed	comprised	located
the birthday cake is traditionally highly decorated , and typically covered with lit candles when presented , the number of candles signifying the age of the celebrant .	traditionally	typically	historically	usually	generally	originally	often	commonly	formally	predominantly	notably	typically
in wales , four church of england dioceses were disestablished in 1920 , becoming separated from the church of england in the process and subsequently becoming the church in wales .	separated	detached	parted	segregated	isolated	independent	divorced	distinct	divided	estranged	distant	independent
the true cross is the name for physical remnants which , by a christian tradition , are believed to be from the cross upon which jesus was crucified .	remnants	relics	objects	items	artifacts	fragments	parts	elements	articles	bones	pieces	relics
seafloor spreading occurs at mid-ocean ridges , where new oceanic crust is formed through volcanic activity and then gradually moves away from the ridge .	gradually	slowly	successively	largely	progressively	eventually	steadily	then	generally	systematically	subsequently	slowly
it reached a peak position of number thirty-seven on the billboard hot modern rock tracks chart .	reached	achieved	obtained	raised	scored	attained	peaked	finished	made	climbed	found	achieved
the shinto pantheon alone consists of an uncountable number of kami .	consists	comprises	speaks	occurs	exists	is	composed	includes	originates	amounts	resides	comprises
business development manager strategic alliances This individual will be responsible for coordinating , negotiating , launching , and managing Accuity 's partner relationships .	managing	handling	running	governing	coordinating	controlling	maintaining	addressing	planning	representing	directing	handling
it is relatively simple to find lenses which will maintain reasonably good central resolution the central resolution , but thus far , I have not been able to achieve an edge resolution better than about 0.1 mm with `` off the shelf `` lenses .	thus	so	this	by	hence	thereby	as	while	since	consequently	therefore	so
the calculation is based on the loan 's original principal , so Fellows who are not recent graduates , and thus have been making loan payments , are treated the same as new graduates .	thus	consequently	thereby	therefore	so	hence	similarly	accordingly	simply	traditionally	instead	therefore
thus for example , ophthalmologists will need to know in a given population how many people of a particular age group and/or sex will suffer a retina detachment in the course of a year .	thus	so	hence	then	consequently	therefore	while	likewise	because	since	as	so
although he 's pitched 200 innings for the first time since Mike had a girlfriend ( 200 innings being 6 more than any Met has pitched this season thus far ) , Pedro has , again , seemed annoyingly off-balance lately .	thus	so	hence	this	thereby	while	however	since	as	meanwhile	by	so
grey 's reformist doctrines can thus be seen , not as an attempt to set out on the road to democracy , but as a means to strengthen the power of his own class , the aristocracy .	thus	thereby	likewise	therefore	hence	similarly	however	simply	consequently	then	so	therefore
a clear imperative thus confronts American progressives -- that intricate ( and frequently fragile ) web of communities comprised of people of color , feminists , gays and lesbians , the poor and working class , as well as ethnic whites who value ethnicity , indeed all who have been systematically disenfrancised and dehumanized under the once ascendant `` traditional values `` of pre-Civil Rights America .	thus	thereby	likewise	meanwhile	consequently	similarly	then	finally	therefore	hence	while	thereby
we struggle to think of any other minority group in society who would be so easily and conveniently stereotyped and are saddened that law abiding , genuine football supporters of both sexes , all ages and backgrounds who want to stand are thus thought of and portrayed as would be hooligans merely because they prefer to stand .	thus	consequently	similarly	so	likewise	instead	thereby	nowadays	frequently	hence	currently	instead
the kind of control he exercises is thus likely to be limited to `` passive `` control such as inspection of produced goods and testing to insure that quality standards are being met .	thus	so	consequently	therefore	hence	not	thereby	similarly	likewise	accordingly	fairly	therefore
thus they can connect with `` who found them `` .	thus	so	therefore	hence	then	consequently	thereby	while	instead	because	similarly	so
the experiment also helps us in understanding the language of dreams , and thus begins the process of interpretation .	thus	so	hence	thereby	similarly	consequently	therefore	this	subsequently	negatively	then	so
going to Court : civil Trial Procedure This pamphlet explains what happens when you go to court about civil cases involving negligence or damages .	civil	legal	complex	private	commercial	general	personal	natural	criminal	social	human	legal
with all due respect to our civil authorities and lawmakers , we are called to testify by word and action , to the essential truths of our faith .	civil	legal	public	human	secular	local	social	political	current	judicial	formal	legal
it is contrary to the spirit of civil law , and to the natural working of economic law .	civil	natural	roman	the	general	secular	human	social	public	private	modern	the
yes , we occasionally get into some heated discussions here , and the language can get a bit colorful at times , but in general , the posters are relatively civil and well-behaved .	civil	polite	mild	friendly	benign	humane	gentle	sympathetic	nice	pleasant	smooth	polite
Lionel , Singapore Lebanon has overcome all adversities in the past , ranging from civil wars to Israeli invasion .	civil	local	turf	regular	petty	domestic	the	two	world	chaos	war	local
this means combating corruption , building strong and accountable public sectors which have the necessary staff to deliver vital services , and ensuring that parliaments , civil society , and the media can monitor public spending and act as watchdogs against corruption .	civil	public	human	social	citizen	the	legal	open	free	popular	law	public
truly classy people find a way to be polite , civil and courteous .	civil	polite	humane	formal	neutral	friendly	respectful	nasty	neat	gentle	legal	formal
not just another period piece on Germany 's disturbing past , this film should have deep resonance for today 's movie fans who are concerned about civil and human rights .	civil	human	freedom	rights	minorities	social	legal	peace	liberty	democracy	censorship	human
spontaneous gestures are a pie in the face of civil society .	civil	modern	social	formal	polite	human	the	public	a	regular	contemporary	modern
since civil discourse in our country is increasingly lacking , and the word insanity in this context implies a lack of such civility , how can that be a good thing for anybody or the mark of a great president ? Eh , one episode , wha-evuh .	civil	social	human	polite	public	liberal	verbal	intellectual	romantic	rational	political	social
the different variables defining the optimal state can therefore be seen as intrinsic needs .	therefore	obviously	also	accordingly	actually	hence	easily	thus	consequently	often	however	also
this is not a new phenomenon , but one inherent to capitalism itself and recognised by Karl Marx who pointed out that `` During its time of circulation capital does not perform the functions of productive capital and therefore produces neither commodities nor surplus-value '' 16 and , Circulation proceeds in space and time .	therefore	consequently	ultimately	thus	hence	accordingly	subsequently	so	also	initially	actually	thus
the terms therefore seek to preclude Plaxo from complying with a request by an individual for alteration or deletion of their personal data .	therefore	also	initially	thus	accordingly	nevertheless	effectively	allegedly	consequently	hence	obviously	thus
psychologists are not doctors and therefore they can not prescribe medication .	therefore	so	thus	hence	consequently	accordingly	also	subsequently	initially	instead	however	thus
labour market deregulation is therefore instrumental in boosting jobs and reducing unemployment .	therefore	also	obviously	economically	often	hence	increasingly	thus	consequently	actually	especially	also
you should therefore report the break-in to the police .	therefore	also	nevertheless	immediately	obviously	not	accordingly	probably	consequently	undoubtedly	subsequently	also
we therefore oppose the government 's proposals .	therefore	nevertheless	also	must	hence	shall	consequently	immediately	accordingly	obviously	thus	also
this setting exists to prevent accidental 'panning ' on mouse downs that are intended for other actions ( and therefore , prevent unintended changing of the scaling into manual mode ) .	therefore	hence	consequently	thus	accordingly	ultimately	also	so	subsequently	moreover	instead	thus
you will therefore permit me to repeat , emphatically , that Marley was as dead as a door-nail .	therefore	also	nevertheless	thus	hence	however	now	consequently	accordingly	instead	not	also
they should take note of Darius ' admonitions . -- Well I think this is ok because they 're part of your race and therefore part of your extended family .	therefore	also	hence	ultimately	consequently	equally	subsequently	accordingly	thus	so	initially	also
a subsidiary was floated in the UK , Tata Tea ( GB ) Ltd. , which acquired the controlling interest in the Tetley Group .	acquired	inherited	obtained	accumulated	absorbed	purchased	gained	assumed	formed	became	owned	obtained
how many times have I caught up with those people several years later , to discover that they have acquired a lifestyle , a car and a mortgage to match their salary , and that their initial ideals have faded to the haziest of memories , which they now dismiss as a post-adolescent fantasy ?	acquired	accumulated	amassed	gained	attained	obtained	earned	purchased	adopted	assembled	secured	gained
thank you for having Osiris here . We 've been involved in mesenchymal stem cell , adult stem cell research for about 11 years now . Our technology came out of Arnie Kaplan 's lab and was acquired from Case Western at that time , and we 've been solely focused in that area since on several applications .	acquired	purchased	inherited	obtained	transferred	pursued	bought	gained	owned	adopted	endowed	purchased
more than 200 of the most significant works acquired by the Corning Museum of Glass during the 1990s , to augment its holdings of 35,000 objects , are featured here .	acquired	amassed	purchased	accumulated	assembled	collected	owned	obtained	bought	gained	offered	purchased
to understand why this should have been so , we need to look more closely at the nature of the style and its origins .	closely	carefully	strictly	deeply	broadly	tightly	widely	narrowly	generally	intently	directly	carefully
some people have guessed that this radiation is closely related to a period of intense cold and a high level of ice cover occurring around 600 mya ; perhaps environmental stresses wiped out competitors and created opportunities for a ( relatively ) clever animal to succeed and proliferate .	closely	directly	loosely	tightly	strongly	strictly	broadly	roughly	intimately	highly	precisely	directly
they are working closely with Natural Tunnel State Park , where the staff , eager to have additional housing nearby , have assured the Bakers that they will be booked on a regular basis since the demand for housing outweighs supply .	closely	tightly	along	strongly	heavily	broadly	together	fiercely	carefully	extensively	severely	along
the Department is also working closely with hm Customs and Excise who are in the lead on developing the national lorry road user charging scheme .	closely	strongly	together	significantly	heavily	broadly	tightly	along	extensively	regularly	carefully	together
retail : in the U.S. , analysts will be looking closely at third-quarter results .	closely	carefully	intently	heavily	strictly	highly	widely	directly	hard	tightly	broadly	carefully
their academic careers are closely intertwined with social and political developments such as secularisation and antisemitism .	closely	tightly	intimately	strongly	deeply	broadly	loosely	painfully	significantly	directly	highly	strongly
`` the baby has developed very normally and has been followed closely .	closely	carefully	precisely	constantly	regularly	strictly	strongly	intently	broadly	steadily	correctly	carefully
to prevent asthma episodes you will have to work closely with your doctor to : develop a medicine plan that keeps you from getting symptoms .	closely	carefully	heavily	highly	significantly	along	extensively	deeply	directly	strongly	separately	carefully
problems are flagged quickly and , working closely with your staff , we propose solutions .	closely	along	together	carefully	heavily	significantly	strongly	broadly	highly	separately	tightly	carefully
what women want on A first date ( updated Thursday , Dec 5 , 2002 , 02:06:55 PM to reflect the 100 most recent valid responses. ) assuming you are a woman , which most closely matches your idea of a great first date ?	closely	precisely	exactly	accurately	loosely	broadly	roughly	tightly	generally	strictly	strongly	exactly
`` what Meeks did not mention is that GUEA bought the building from her church , Victory Apostolic Faith Church in Chicago , where she and her father are prominent members , according to Cook County property records and the church 's Web site .	prominent	leading	distinguished	notable	longtime	active	eminent	influential	substantial	popular	senior	leading
among the recipients were prominent journalists and producers , scions of the alternative press , and a smattering of current and former intelligence analysts who often serve as sources in news analyses and articles .	prominent	notable	distinguished	leading	successful	popular	influential	noted	eminent	famous	respected	distinguished
update Posted at 10:00 AM -- Permalink Back in this post , I reported that the Tropicana Hotel in Las Vegas had stopped accepting reservations for after April 15 and that a prominent demolition company had told a reporter that it was studying how to blow up the place .	prominent	local	leading	nearby	respected	major	famous	notable	purported	small	large	local
`` evidence is easily found of multipolarity and China 's prominent role in promoting it .	prominent	leading	dominant	substantial	notable	conspicuous	distinguished	predominant	significant	noticeable	active	leading
reeling from the effects of World War II , prominent local businessmen led by the visionary Archie Jewell , purchased the building in 1943 and renovated it to become `` The International House `` , a newly-created non-profit trade association dedicated to world peace , trade and understanding .	prominent	wealthy	notable	several	substantial	leading	distinguished	various	influential	certain	successful	several
there were five references to Crawford : three dealing with his present claims that he lied on behalf of the tobacco companies , one dealing with a property dispute , and another , which identified him as a prominent criminal lawyer , who had been involved in 33 capital cases .	prominent	distinguished	notable	successful	famous	leading	former	noted	substantial	famed	respected	distinguished
expansion of markets , improvement of profit potential , and reduction of cost factors join the enhancement of competitive position as prominent forces moving organizations toward globalization .	prominent	major	active	primary	important	driving	key	dominant	central	the	three	major
i have argued in my previous article for PDF that `` [ f ] or Armstrong Williams-like bloggers actually paid by campaigns or other political committees to promote or attack a candidate for federal office , prominent and on-the-spot disclosure should be mandated . '' A disclosure on a campaign 's website in a quarterly report after the election deprives voters of valuable information about the possible motivations for an analysis or commentary appearing on a website .	prominent	reporting	transparency	anonymous	disclosure	interviews	advertising	immediate	identification	research	such	immediate
this pattern of bad journalism is a prominent feature of every pro-hoax text and video .	prominent	substantial	notable	prevalent	distinct	conspicuous	dominant	distinctive	distinguished	predominant	common	notable
apple vs. Microsoft My AltaVista survey results revealed that `` Gates Hate `` is more prominent among Mac fans than with other groups -- providing a rationale for starting with Apple in our examination of the various conflicts listed above .	prominent	prevalent	common	evident	notable	frequent	predominant	noticeable	commonly	noted	substantial	common
posted by : Robrob at June 23 , 2005 02:04 AM Where will the greed of corporations intent on rendering skilled American workers obsolete end ?	rendering	making	turning	declaring	yielding	converting	becoming	manufacturing	creating	affecting	forcing	making
in particular , provision of an alternative route for cyclists should never be regarded as an excuse for rendering the original road or junction unsuitable for cyclists .	rendering	declaring	affecting	making	converting	providing	contracting	restoring	yielding	forming	turning	affecting
`` this renders necessary a brief review of the position occupied by the Administration on this important and vital question .	renders	makes	is	becomes	seems	leaves	proves	remains	afford	yields	means	makes
Spaghettini with mullet roe and grated vegetables , and penne with sundried tomatoes and basil were both full of flavour and pleasantly light , which was lucky as I was almost defeated by an exceptionally tender and tasty lamb shank to follow .	tender	delicate	thin	soft	delicious	lean	sensitive	vulnerable	mature	softer	cooked	soft
women usually notice little change in their breasts , but if you are a man , your breasts may become slightly larger and may be tender .	tender	sensitive	softer	painful	uncomfortable	harder	vulnerable	sore	exposed	intimate	delicate	sensitive
`` i can be very , very strong , but on the other hand , I have very tender sentiments .	tender	delicate	sensitive	vulnerable	romantic	fragile	softer	soft	intimate	gentle	private	soft
rabbits often feed on young , tender perennial growth as it emerges in spring , or on young transplants .	tender	mature	vulnerable	fresh	young	tough	vigorous	brittle	sensitive	delicate	newborn	fresh
the grilled octopus was very tender .	tender	delicate	firm	soft	tough	young	delicious	sensitive	fresh	juicy	rare	soft
Cook the rice , covered , over boiling water for about 30 minutes , or until the grains are tender .	tender	stout	mature	tough	pink	robust	vulnerable	flesh	raw	thin	slaughtered	mature
they feed at that period on the opening buds of maples , and others that are equally tender and juicy .	tender	mature	fresh	delicate	juicy	vulnerable	sensitive	soft	tough	thin	vigorous	soft
Anne Bradstreet 's poetry is so tender and poignant , Cotton Mather 's preaching is both ornery and passionate , Richard Baxter 's Reformed Pastor is one of the classics , and Jonathan Edwards , is , well , Jonathan Edwards ( if you consider him a Puritan , not everyone does. ) Oh , by the way , great article about Puritans here .	tender	delicate	gentle	vulnerable	romantic	sensitive	soft	thoughtful	poetic	intimate	meek	gentle
China , India , Latin America and the rest of Asia will help grow worldwide demand for electric power by 59 percent over the next two decades . '' The hydrogen economy is based on the idea that fuel cells that run on hydrogen have the potential to replace current energy systems in all forms , from vehicle propulsion to stationary power generation to mobile phone batteries .	worldwide	global	the	international	lifetime	globally	nationwide	us	globe	overall	online	global
this has been , at times , merely an effort to gain greater public renown for their group or cause , but more troubling have been the groups seeking to push forward al-Qaida 's agenda of worldwide terror .	worldwide	global	nationwide	widespread	international	universal	regional	spreading	massive	mass	lifetime	global
this is where the information revolution is happening -- and our share of these voices is smaller and smaller -- so America must find way to reach and engage a wider , younger , more diverse worldwide audience .	worldwide	global	international	lifetime	nationwide	today	cosmopolitan	foreign	overall	universal	historical	international
that same thing could happen if we had a Manhattan type project focusing on renewables , potential worldwide markets , if we are the leader , and we have every reason to be the leader because we have the biggest problem .	worldwide	global	international	globally	regional	major	nationwide	lifetime	financial	european	wide	international
at the time of writing , the anti-semitic policies of the Soviet Union are also a subject of worldwide protest .	worldwide	global	nationwide	widespread	international	wide	globally	multinational	the	considerable	significant	global
he suggested building an experimental hypertext ' web ' for the worldwide community of physicists who used CERN and its publications .	worldwide	global	nationwide	wide	vast	international	widespread	online	large	multinational	growing	global
furthermore , non-residents can apply to be treated like a resident if his/her income from German sources is either at least 90 percent of his/her worldwide income or his/her non-German source income is less than DM12,000 ( 24,000 for married couples ) .	worldwide	global	total	lifetime	overall	german	yearly	own	nationwide	foreign	germany	global
after adding the separate partnerships of JLW Ireland and JLW Scotland , the combined total of our European and North American businesses represented approximately 75 % of worldwide revenue in 1998 , up from approximately 63 % in 1997 .	worldwide	global	us	international	the	our	overall	foreign	total	lifetime	globally	global
OSIS also provides its users with direct , yet protected , access to the Internet and its broad range of worldwide open source information resources .	worldwide	global	nationwide	online	globally	international	internationally	multinational	universally	lifetime	wide	global
like Maypoles , wreaths too , as she points out , figure in May Day as well as Summer solstice celebrations . http : //www.schooloftheseasons.com/signssummer.html [ Link updated 5/20/02 ] [ Added 26 May 2000 ] : this fun page collects worldwide insights from people who write to Waverly and comment on how summer begins for them .	worldwide	global	international	online	unique	lifetime	local	new	the	valuable	weekly	global
these functions also use scheduling priority to decide which thread gets to execute when there is contention .	functions	programs	utilities	features	tasks	libraries	engines	processes	operators	algorithms	services	programs
functions of the Presidency One way of bringing focus to the presidency is to determine what the functions of the position should be .	functions	duties	tasks	activities	offices	purposes	roles	responsibilities	powers	operations	missions	duties
