harry also becomes the worthy possessor of the remaining deathly hallows : the invisibility cloak and the resurrection stone , hence becoming the true master of death .	possessor	son	master	character	part	example	art	form	remains	parts	source
escapologists escape from handcuffs , straitjackets , cages , coffins , steel boxes , barrels , bags , burning buildings , fish-tanks and other perils , often in combination .	perils	parts	vehicles	cargo	storage	well	materials	tanks	large	tires	trailers
the storm continued , crossing the outer banks of north carolina , and retained its strength until june 20 when it became extratropical near newfoundland .	retained	the	and	in	its	more	from	most	an	a	tropical
the united states convened a 13-nation conference of the international opium commission in 1909 in shanghai , china in response to increasing criticism of the opium trade .	convened	was	had	held	'	,	states	also	-	war	war
dodd simply retained his athletic director position , which he had acquired in 1950 .	acquired	left	started	built	worked	retired	opened	finished	begun	played	purchased
radiometric dating is a technique used to date materials , usually based on a comparison between the observed abundance of a naturally occurring radioactive isotope and its decay products , using known decay rates .	abundance	amount	amounts	characteristics	energy	effects	aspects	properties	parts	decay	radiation
bacterial contaminants are ubiquitous , and foods left unused too long will often acquire substantial amounts of bacterial colonies and become dangerous to eat , leading to food poisoning .	substantial	some	large	the	different	many	low	harmful	important	in	toxic
tibooburra has an arid , desert climate with temperatures soaring above 40 celsius in summer , often reaching as high as 47 c .	arid	average	area	wet	rainfall	precipitation	areas	moist	off	elevation	altitude
hanna meandered around the southeastern bahamas , weakening to a tropical storm while also dumping heavy rain on already-devastated haiti .	meandered	is	spread	flows	can	occurs	,	lies	remains	in	-
das rheingold is the first of the four operas that comprise der ring des nibelungen , by richard wagner .	comprise	are	were	is	include	was	includes	of	became	produced	plays
published by tor books , it was released on august 15 , 1994 in hardcover , and in paperback on july 15 , 1997 .	released	published	produced	sold	launched	written	printed	made	introduced	featured	distributed
by 1960 he had developed the short story into a screenplay , and envisaged it as containing a suitable role for monroe .	envisaged	described	used	made	had	left	called	in	named	sold	praised
with poor sales of the a340-200 , airbus decided to use the fuselage of the a340-200 with the wings and engines of the a330-300 .	fuselage	production	development	supply	airbus	use	engines	department	engine	fleet	services
the last event was held on june 11 , 2000 , not to be held again due to the acquisition of wcw by world wrestling federation .	acquisition	production	purchase	loss	sponsorship	release	sale	takeover	launch	promotion	signing
kowal suggested the name and the iau endorsed it in 1975 .	endorsed	was	to	of	for	is	in	used	with	by	from
dry air wrapping around the southern periphery of the cyclone eroded most of the deep convection by early on september 12 .	periphery	hemisphere	storm	coast	pressure	landfall	season	gust	cyclones	cyclone	antilles
alfonso drops the marriage contract in front of the officers , and , when they read it , they become enraged .	enraged	the	her	him	his	a	it	them	spain	their	charles
located on the river pedieos and situated almost in the center of the island , it is the seat of government as well as the main business center .	situated	is	are	was	also	,	located	in	the	it	as
it has now been determined that europa is a prograde rotator , but the exact direction in which its pole points remains ambiguous .	ambiguous	different	clear	in	fixed	there	flat	,	not	intact	upright
the bishops ceded the oversticht to the emperor charles v in 1528 , who styled himself `` lord of overijssel '' , thereby giving the province its modern name .	ceded	had	of	gave	was	made	left	have	became	in	,
many parts of odessa were damaged during its siege and recapture on 10 april 1944 , when the city was finally liberated by the red army .	siege	war	attacks	attack	bombing	destruction	capture	captured	occupation	raids	losses
the city was first founded by the british in 1827 , who leased the island from spain during the colonial period .	leased	left	built	was	served	became	visited	entered	started	founded	spent
in reference to the landscape , bush describes a wooded area , intermediate between a shrubland and a forest , generally of dry and nitrogen-poor soil , mostly grassless , thin to thick woody shrubs and bushes , under a sparse canapy of eucalypts .	sparse	large	a	the	low	shrub	forest	dry	trees	plants	plant
they locate food by smell , using sensors in the tip of their snout , and regularly feast on ants and termites .	snout	nose	mouth	eyes	eye	diet	wings	beak	stomach	nest	larvae
at present it is formed by the aa , which descends from the rigi and enters the southern extremity of the lake .	extremity	side	part	shore	end	parts	coast	west	shores	slopes	drainage
specialized english operates in the civil society sector , and the developers aspire to make programs for a variety of public service purposes , subject to resources being available .	aspire	,	able	used	and	is	continue	support	-	'	services
this period spanned the years from 1278 through 1288 .	spanned	is	was	in	spent	of	includes	lasted	had	uses	spend
realising that the gang could not elude the police forever , moondyne joe formulated a plan to escape the colony by traveling overland to the colony of south australia .	elude	leave	escape	be	use	pass	reach	find	follow	enter	control
southeastern oklahoma , also known by its official tourism designation , kiamichi country , encompasses the southeastern quarter of the state of oklahoma .	encompasses	and	is	in	with	or	at	to	from	on	near
in 2001 , unesco inscribed the 2,750-year-old city on the world heritage list as samarkand - crossroads of cultures .	inscribed	is	was	became	left	opened	in	made	created	visited	started
to enjoy qin songs , one must learn to become accustomed to the eccentric style some players may sing their songs to , like in the case of zha fuxi .	eccentric	music	and	song	of	orchestra	lyrics	songs	album	,	,
as a result of this acquisition and the legal dispute with hearst corporation , mandrakesoft announced that the new company name would be mandriva , and that mandriva linux would be the new name covering products .	dispute	agreement	changes	deal	contract	acquisition	merger	products	purchase	agreements	,
he was born at plessiel , a hamlet of drucat near abbeville , to a long-established family of picardy , the great-nephew of the painter eustache le sueur .	hamlet	town	village	part	city	duke	commune	duchy	region	province	canton
their quick acceleration makes them suitable for services with short intervals between stations .	suitable	used	similar	available	built	compared	made	combined	added	mixed	changes
aung san suu kyi returned to burma in 1988 to take care of her ailing mother .	ailing	her	his	own	young	old	first	mother	royal	second	english
port arthur was also the destination for juvenile convicts , receiving many boys , some as young as nine arrested for stealing toys .	juvenile	the	training	children	working	many	work	toys	racing	playing	players
the international re-formed in 1923 , and was reconstituted again , in its present form , after world war ii .	reconstituted	made	once	still	also	now	held	never	not	a	long
the amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .	tributaries	river	rivers	basin	sea	drainage	rainfall	capital	delta	west	coastline
typically , the biggest difference between film and stage musicals is the use of lavish background scenery which would be impractical in a theater .	lavish	the	this	his	a	its	their	some	musical	an	human
following the hassles ' demise in 1969 , he formed the duo attila with hassles drummer jon small .	demise	death	explosion	first	tour	album	left	split	revival	funeral	festival
the first amniotes , such as casineria , resembled small lizards and evolved from amphibian reptiliomorphs about 340 million years ago .	resembled	very	are	the	and	other	a	as	in	many	among
in 1999 , a world tamil confederation was established to protect and foster tamil culture and further a sense of togetherness amongst tamils in different countries .	foster	the	a	in	have	its	and	tamil	their	human	this
historically , in the warm mediterranean and middle eastern climates , the courtyard served to accommodate the large number of worshippers during friday prayers .	accommodate	have	be	hold	keep	use	worship	include	celebrate	teach	enjoy
john mccain polled 62.5 % in the 2008 presidential election while 70.9 % of utahns opted for george w. bush in 2004 .	opted	and	,	president	-	serving	house	bush	congress	candidate	administration
throughout most of the film , his only true friend , aside from his mother , is the mouse , timothy - a relationship parodying the stereotypical animosity between mice and elephants .	animosity	and	,	the	of	great	own	a	-	english	english
the band is known for its large line-up , which consists of nine members ; including a vocalist , two guitarists , a bassist , two percussionists in addition to a primary drummer , a sampler , and a turntablist .	vocalist	guitar	drummer	guitarist	song	bassist	single	bass	drums	piano	drum
digital signatures are equivalent to traditional handwritten signatures in many respects ; properly implemented digital signatures are more difficult to forge than the handwritten type .	forge	work	have	create	make	be	use	perform	find	play	exist
triton was revealed to have remarkable active geysers and polar caps .	remarkable	an	very	more	the	become	not	no	been	both	less
polar bear fur consists of a layer of dense underfur and an outer layer of guard hairs , which appear white to tan but are actually transparent .	transparent	light	white	dark	clear	black	red	thick	hard	dense	low
the most common reason for erecting a khachkar was for votive reasons - for the salvation of the soul of either a living or a deceased person .	deceased	living	dead	soul	human	person	good	spiritual	the	a	single
scene 2 : the doctor rushes by the captain in the street , who urges him to slow down .	urges	wants	wanted	allows	left	allow	allowed	asks	tells	sends	brought
the revival of lute in the 20th century revitalized the interest of composers in the instruments of the lute family .	revival	art	development	work	style	part	form	role	case	key	quality
lancelot de carles called her `` beautiful with an elegant figure '' , and a venetian in paris in 1528 also reported that she was said to be beautiful .	reported	said	says	thought	found	believed	means	stated	states	estimated	,
he is notable as a performer of australian traditional folk songs in an authentic style .	performer	member	singer	producer	part	vocalist	master	fan	student	form	follower
the false gharial , also known as the malayan gharial , false gavial , or tomistoma is a fresh-water reptile resembling a crocodile with a very thin and elongated snout , which is thicker than the gharial .	elongated	the	and	great	small	a	called	or	in	not	-
he held several senior positions in the royal flying corps during world war i , serving as the commander of royal flying corps in france from 1915 to 1917 .	senior	other	military	important	major	of	staff	more	air	aircraft	french
the hush sound is currently on hiatus .	hiatus	production	stage	use	air	record	release	st	music	radio	piano
monte plata is a province of the dominican republic , and also the name of its capital city . it was split from san crist_bal in 1992 .	province	part	city	municipality	member	capital	republic	region	tributary	center	department
from 1908 to 1911 he was the principal conductor of the vienna hofoper succeeding gustav mahler ; he retained the conductorship of the vienna philharmonic until 1927 .	retained	to	in	was	also	for	called	with	from	at	during
mexican cinnamon hot chocolate is traditionally served alongside a variety of mexican pastries known as pan dulce and , as in spain , churros .	traditionally	often	also	commonly	not	usually	sometimes	generally	a	mostly	widely
cholera , sometimes known as asiatic or epidemic cholera , is an infectious gastroenteritis caused by enterotoxin-producing strains of the bacterium vibrio cholerae .	strains	part	disease	parts	cause	lungs	symptoms	forms	form	,	-
a hurricane struck dominica and puerto rico between july 22 and july 24 .	struck	was	,	is	of	in	between	and	from	made	are
in 1975 the old district steinfurt was merged with the district tecklenburg , and together with greven and saerbeck from the former district m_nster the current district was formed .	formed	built	a	germany	found	the	founded	football	st	st	st
it was discovered by a team of astronomers led by brett j. gladman , et al . in 2003 .	discovered	found	made	founded	created	followed	formed	named	worked	started	joined
city of faizabad is the headquarters of faizabad district and a municipal board in the state of uttar pradesh , india , situated on the banks of river ghaghra .	headquarters	city	capital	district	state	part	north	department	south	province	municipality
hms guardian set out before the convict ships but struck ice after leaving the cape of good hope , returned to southern africa and was wrecked on the coast .	returned	in	the	is	and	team	people	mast	mast	mast	mast
on 1 october 1983 the pilot project began operations as a full-fledged bank and was renamed the grameen bank to make loans to poor bangladeshis .	full-fledged	world	the	development	indian	air	bangladesh	export	bangladeshi	his	iranian
riel sought to preserve mtis rights and culture as their homelands in the northwest came progressively under the canadian sphere of influence .	sought	used	wanted	believed	came	refers	,	referred	thought	agreed	studied
they are characterized by spirituality and metaphysical themes , extremely long takes , lack of conventional dramatic structure and plot , and memorable cinematography .	cinematography	culture	literature	themes	religion	philosophy	ideas	spirituality	work	spiritual	buddhism
glaciologically , ice age implies the presence of extensive ice sheets in the northern and southern hemispheres ; by this definition we are still in the ice age that began at the start of the pleistocene .	definition	the	and	is	of	countries	in	households	households	households	households
grolangheim is a municipality in the district of kitzingen in bavaria in germany .	municipality	city	town	district	village	department	province	region	part	borough	canton
when a fair weather waterspout makes landfall it quickly dissipates as it loses the inflow of warm air into the vortex .	dissipates	flooded	dry	clear	,	flooding	warm	wet	damaged	possible	moist
after receiving the news of the important award , yunus announced that he would use part of his share of the $ 1.4 million award money to create a company to make low-cost , high-nutrition food for the poor ; while the rest would go toward setting up an eye hospital for the poor in bangladesh .	announced	said	believed	thought	reported	was	knew	felt	,	estimated	is
phillip was appointed governor of new south wales , the first european colony on the australian continent , and was the founder of the site which is now the city of sydney .	appointed	the	as	also	his	a	an	australia	new	its	australian
after the demise of the whl , however , the stanley cup was awarded exclusively to the nhl playoff champion , and the wales trophy was given to the regular season champion .	exclusively	he	contract	season	team	in	canada	draft	montreal	goaltender	nhl
italy purchased the city in 1905 and made mogadishu the capital of italian somaliland .	purchased	was	is	became	had	left	created	made	occupied	in	controlled
the short-beaked echidna is an iconic animal in contemporary australia , notably appearing on the australian five-cent piece and on a $ 200 commemorative coin released in 1992 .	contemporary	australia	the	queensland	sydney	melbourne	victoria	august	darwin	a	july
situated 13 miles southeast of seattle , washington , renton straddles the southeast shore of lake washington .	situated	the	in	at	of	about	it	from	a	its	its
yass is a prominent area for raising sheep which produce very fine wool due to the soil and climatic conditions of the yass area .	prominent	large	small	fertile	farming	climate	mediterranean	cultivated	soil	lush	habitat
the interest was so great that developers found themselves advertising the parks rather than their own developments , as the highest prices would exist for the park perceived to be best .	advertising	in	that	for	as	at	with	all	,	called	called
the romans believed the fumes produced by burning castoreum could induce an abortion ; paracelsus thought it could be used in the treatment of epilepsy ; and medieval beekeepers used it to increase honey production .	produced	,	disease	treatment	-	-	-	-	-	-	-
outcast of redwall is a fantasy novel by brian jacques , published in 1995 .	novel	book	story	film	work	song	poem	series	written	movie	character
with the others bailed out for various food items , tom was the last man standing and won immunity .	various	other	the	some	their	many	his	all	a	its	human
jamie farr is an american television and film actor and popular game show panelist .	panelist	actor	director	host	producer	actress	singer	artist	star	comedian	musician
the association of virtue with withdrawal from society - and specifically from cities - was a familiar theme in religious literature .	theme	interest	character	element	influence	art	association	inspiration	literature	work	institution
at the end of each season , a series of playoff games are contested among the top six teams in the nfc , consisting of the four division champions and the two other teams with the best win-loss records .	contested	played	held	one	ranked	second	two	divided	part	placed	third
after the partitions of poland in 1794 the area was annexed by prussia .	annexed	occupied	created	built	made	invaded	found	controlled	surrounded	located	dominated
a british nobleman , lord stanhope , took an interest in hauser and gained custody of him late in 1831 .	gained	the	his	a	had	was	and	in	took	became	an
simon phillip cowell is an english music executive , television producer and entrepreneur .	entrepreneur	producer	production	music	director	singer	radio	vocalist	television	vocals	w
the principal greenhouse , in an art nouveau style with a modern metallic structure , resembles the mid-19th century crystal palace in london .	resembles	in	the	found	and	a	people	large	large	large	large
metlink , formerly the met , is the marketing body and umbrella brand for public train , tram and bus transport operators in greater melbourne , victoria , australia .	brand	the	and	a	is	an	other	some	its	most	by
schoenberg refused , saying `` i would only make you a bad schoenberg , and you 're such a good gershwin already . ''	refused	'	,	is	in	was	not	live	are	music	can
however media outlets soon found ways around the ban , initially by the use of subtitles , but later and more commonly by the use of an actor reading his words over the images of him speaking .	initially	and	but	such	or	also	especially	used	often	except	mostly
however , the new king , louis xviii , knew that ideas of nationalism and democracy still lingered in his country ; hence the establishment and signing of the charte constitutionnelle franaise , the french constitution otherwise known as la charte .	hence	the	its	a	his	one	this	their	an	her	french
in 1639 , williams established a baptist church in providence , rhode island , and clarke began a baptist church in newport , rhode island .	established	and	found	in	people	church	the	households	households	households	households
while each edition of windows 2000 was targeted to a different market , they share a core set of features , including many system utilities such as the microsoft management console and standard system administration applications .	core	part	set	system	kind	number	range	subset	version	source	distribution
the battalion is usually part of a regiment , group or a brigade , depending on the organizational model used by that service .	usually	also	not	a	the	as	often	in	on	an	an
intense feelings of resentment trigger the initial retaliation , which causes the other party to feel equally aggrieved and vengeful .	retaliation	reaction	cause	backlash	stress	period	damage	depression	season	pressure	movement
slipknot is a heavy metal band formed by vocalist and percussionist anders colsefni , guitarists donnie steele and josh `` gnar '' brainard , bassist paul gray , drummer joey jordison and percussionist shawn crahan , in des moines , iowa .	formed	produced	played	vocalist	drummer	guitarist	singer	player	musician	bassist	guitar
the most recent goaltender to have scored a goal by deliberately shooting the puck into his opponents ' net was evgeni nabokov , in 2002 .	deliberately	him	playing	and	his	the	her	players	a	team	fans
these notable synagogues include ; the great synagogue of rome , the new synagogue , the leopoldst_dter tempel , the grand choral synagogue , the great synagogue , the moscow choral synagogue , the great synagogue of florence , the great synagogue , plzen , the great synagogue , the ko ice orthodox synagogue , the novi sad synagogue , the szeged synagogue , the sofia synagogue and the great synagogue of oran .	notable	the	people	found	in	and	households	buildings	buildings	buildings	buildings
the northern and western edges of the cotswolds are marked by steep escarpments down to the severn valley and the warwickshire avon .	escarpments	hill	and	embankment	roads	areas	fields	,	development	-	services
the roof of the west stand is corrugated iron this also houses the main television gantry which is accessed from the upper tier seating area by a temporary ladder .	tier	west	east	north	housing	carriage	station	track	passenger	shopping	railway
it gradually decayed into a surface low pressure trough , and developed into two disturbances ; one was centered 290 miles south-southeast of cape cod and another was located 200 miles south of cape hatteras , north carolina .	gradually	is	has	was	can	also	have	are	had	were	may
while in cambrai he collaborated with nicolas grenon on a complete revision of the liturgical musical collection of the cathedral , which included writing an extensive collection of polyphonic music for services .	included	was	is	were	are	began	,	started	a	means	-
nevertheless , until the middle of the 20th century , agriculture dominated the canton .	nevertheless	however	though	therefore	although	then	but	instead	thus	also	there
this category contains articles about albums released on island records .	contains	is	are	was	has	plays	and	were	made	have	live
kasem is best known by name as a music historian and disc jockey , most notably as host of the weekly american top 40 radio program from 1970 to 1988 , and again from march 1998 until january 10 , 2004 , when ryan seacrest succeeded him .	program	,	and	the	in	music	with	live	live	live	live
spun yarns may contain a single type of fiber , or be a blend of various types . combining synthetic fibers with natural fibers is very common .	various	different	other	many	some	the	all	natural	a	its	plant
the atmosphere was so intense that gring , in a telephone call that evening , stated : `` there is unbelievable jubilation in austria .	stated	i	and	l	'	e	a	rr	\	b	b
several other hollywood films are also believed to have been inspired by bollywood films .	inspired	made	influenced	created	produced	used	released	known	credited	directed	sold
the island of ireland lies only 30 k from the southwestern peninsula of kintyre ; norway is 305 k to the east and the faroes , 270 k to the north .	peninsula	part	coast	coastline	north	side	east	parts	sea	west	coasts
the kingdom of the franks under charlemagne was particularly hard-hit by these raiders , who could sail down the seine with near impunity .	impunity	him	it	france	her	them	-	monaco	britain	calais	charlemagne
during its boom times , beechworth town boasted a range of industries including , a tannery , jewellers , boot makers , a brewery , blacksmiths , livestock sale yards .	livestock	and	the	for	in	including	of	or	by	a	their
traditionally , after a long period of consuming gimjang kimchi during the winter , fresh potherbs and vegetables were popular for making kimchi . these kinds of kimchi were not fermented or even stored for long periods of time but were consumed fresh .	period	year	month	season	summer	months	winter	cycle	half	flowering	rainfall
on 5 february 2007 , apple inc. and apple corps announced a settlement of their trademark dispute under which apple inc. will own all of the trademarks related to `` apple '' and will license certain of those trademarks back to apple corps for their continued use .	announced	have	be	become	make	promote	use	find	leave	cause	sign
canadian english is the variety of english used in canada . more than 26 million canadians have some knowledge of english .	variety	type	kind	quality	amount	part	use	majority	knowledge	level	influence
the books were later adapted into a television series and a feature film .	adapted	made	translated	developed	built	released	expanded	worked	reworked	merged	sold
the mtr was immediately popular with residents of hong kong ; as a result , subsequent lines have been built to cover more territory . there are continual debates regarding how and where to expand the mtr network .	immediately	made	not	used	in	done	work	,	located	areas	services
this is a considerably higher total than that of any other european country .	considerably	much	more	little	slightly	very	no	is	a	and	year
his reign spanned the years from 809 through 823 .	spanned	in	of	during	for	throughout	was	is	spent	lasted	on
in 1269 it was the seat of a famous battle during the wars of guelphs and ghibellines and in 1479 it was besieged by neapolitan troops .	besieged	he	there	it	in	france	this	italy	russia	,	they
once a flourishing saxon riverport , it lies in the waveney valley and is a popular boating center .	lies	is	was	are	occurs	consists	starts	located	exists	live	developed
then cogswell asked gallaudet to travel to europe to study methods for teaching deaf students , especially those of the braidwood family in edinburgh , scotland .	travel	go	live	work	learn	be	speak	continue	teach	study	begin
swiss cheese is a generic name common to many countries for several related varieties of cheese which resemble the swiss emmental .	resemble	are	include	is	have	contain	use	make	produce	share	includes
fiction records is a uk formerly indie label , now wholly owned by polydor a subsidiary of universal music group , started by chris parry in 1978 that is best known as being the home of the cure for over 20 years .	owned	known	produced	used	worked	popular	released	recorded	influenced	signed	famous
the sculpture was made from the same weathering steel as the angel of the north sculpture , which gradually develops a tightly adhering oxide layer as it is exposed to the elements .	gradually	also	it	often	there	is	,	sometimes	'	material	-
valzacchi and annina now offer their services to him .	services	work	support	jobs	gifts	job	works	help	sales	cars	use
because carbon dioxide is released at a faster rate through the acid-base reaction than through fermentation , breads made by chemical leavening are called quick breads .	released	used	made	produced	found	,	processed	located	stored	needed	synthesized
as an adult , he was charged with a long list of crimes , including possession of counterfeit money , loitering and prowling , burglary , kidnapping and armed robbery .	loitering	and	theft	including	banned	stolen	large	cargo	steals	small	transport
it was founded where the nascent sydney to melbourne road crossed water in the form of the yass river .	nascent	river	passage	route	way	entrance	supply	flow	track	bridge	channel
heights are measured to the structural height , which includes architectural elements , but not communications spires or antennas , per the guidelines of the council on tall buildings and urban habitat .	includes	have	is	are	were	has	uses	use	the	an	can
the dam was completed in 1974 and was designed to store water from the indus river for irrigation and flood control , and for the generation of hydro-electric power .	designed	used	built	made	connected	transferred	upgraded	supplied	directed	left	diverted
xanten is also a popular filming location and the site of many concerts .	site	home	first	festival	art	capital	director	leader	studio	most	biggest
loch ness is best known for the alleged sightings of the legendary loch ness monster , also known as `` nessie '' .	legendary	the	great	new	old	scottish	a	sea	'	first	first
security-enhanced linux is a linux feature that provides a mechanism for supporting access control security policies , including u.s. department of defense style mandatory access controls , through the use of linux security modules in the linux kernel .	provides	is	uses	has	use	are	includes	have	supports	support	share
it lies on the southern side of lake constance .	lies	is	was	located	stands	occurs	starts	exists	sits	are	depends
the croatia national football team represents the republic of croatia in international football .	represents	is	of	was	for	in	and	with	,	plays	at
it is rare and valuable in finer grades and has been prized as a gem and ornamental stone for thousands of years owing to its unique hue .	hue	gold	work	value	taste	nature	wealth	beauty	treasure	talent	works
a tuning fork or electronic tuning device may be used as a reference pitch , though in ensemble rehearsals often a piano is used .	reference	musical	pitch	string	tuning	tuned	keyboard	electronic	vocal	bass	pedal
peter became extratropical on december 11 , and was absorbed by a cold front shortly thereafter .	thereafter	after	before	later	afterwards	time	since	,	ago	earlier	december
in 2003 , dushku appeared in wrong turn , a horror film in which she had the starring role , and the kiss , an independent comedy-drama .	appeared	was	died	worked	starred	lived	,	acted	released	premiered	wrote
his fighting style is primarily judo but has been modified to fight without the use of a judogi .	primarily	not	in	called	also	only	a	the	no	either	considered
in 1901 , an independent governor was again appointed .	appointed	used	again	after	built	more	longer	time	later	officially	1
the album primarily deals with social issues that the band points on through various songs .	points	and	worked	work	is	based	released	working	live	album	bass
a state religion is a religious body or creed officially endorsed by the state .	endorsed	recognized	known	approved	supported	adopted	owned	made	certified	not	religious
it initially was completely dark , but as voyager 2 approached the planet , a bright core developed and can be seen in most of the highest-resolution images .	initially	it	that	this	,	'	sky	earth	technology	-	imagery
according to kojiki , the entrance to yomi lies in izumo province and was sealed off by izanagi-no-mikoto upon his flight from yomi , at which time he permanently blocked the entrance by placing a massive boulder at the base of the slope that leads to yomi . upon his return to ashihara-no-nakatsukuni , izanagi noted that yomi is a `` polluted land '' .	placing	the	land	flooding	a	people	ground	road	sea	china	japan
its status as an official geological period was ratified in 2004 by the international union of geological sciences , making it the first new geological period declared in 120 years .	ratified	made	established	used	built	found	developed	created	founded	located	australia
nearby there is the goobang national park , and peak hill which features an open cut mine that can be toured during holidays .	features	is	has	includes	was	have	had	uses	contains	are	became
good friday , also called holy friday , black friday , or great friday , is a holiday observed primarily by adherents to christianity commemorating the crucifixion of jesus and his death at calvary .	primarily	is	,	also	not	often	and	are	a	-	sometimes
as of , it lies at latitude 66 33 39 south of the equator .	lies	is	exists	occurs	was	lived	located	starts	looks	are	arrives
during the first boer war , the city was besieged by republican forces in december 1880 and march 1881 .	besieged	attacked	fought	defeated	held	captured	made	created	built	destroyed	supported
one of the defining aspects of the nintendo gamecube is the rejuvenated relationship between nintendo and its licensees . unlike previous generations in which nintendo was seen by some as bullying its third-party game developers , nintendo openly sought game-development aid on the nintendo gamecube .	rejuvenated	same	first	the	early	new	a	in	direct	commercial	this
montgomery county of the u.s. state of maryland is situated just north of washington , d.c. and southwest of baltimore .	situated	located	found	in	also	a	the	not	south	just	directly
the birthday cake is traditionally highly decorated , and typically covered with lit candles when presented , the number of candles signifying the age of the celebrant .	traditionally	not	a	very	also	more	often	only	considered	still	less
in wales , four church of england dioceses were disestablished in 1920 , becoming separated from the church of england in the process and subsequently becoming the church in wales .	separated	one	part	known	a	friends	parts	members	bishop	churches	parishes
the true cross is the name for physical remnants which , by a christian tradition , are believed to be from the cross upon which jesus was crucified .	remnants	roots	origin	,	work	culture	characteristics	art	traditions	clothing	worship
seafloor spreading occurs at mid-ocean ridges , where new oceanic crust is formed through volcanic activity and then gradually moves away from the ridge .	gradually	it	,	far	there	spread	found	located	sea	living	winds
it reached a peak position of number thirty-seven on the billboard hot modern rock tracks chart .	reached	had	has	left	is	was	became	made	hit	earned	released
the shinto pantheon alone consists of an uncountable number of kami .	consists	one	part	because	composed	members	parts	that	use	%	versions
business development manager strategic alliances this individual will be responsible for coordinating , negotiating , launching , and managing accuity 's partner relationships .	managing	for	the	in	and	business	to	an	res	inc	inc
it is relatively simple to find lenses which will maintain reasonably good central resolution the central resolution , but thus far , i have not been able to achieve an edge resolution better than about 0.1 mm with `` off the shelf `` lenses .	thus	it	there	and	they	this	i	a	can	'	may
the calculation is based on the loan 's original principal , so fellows who are not recent graduates , and thus have been making loan payments , are treated the same as new graduates .	thus	they	to	there	also	who	are	,	students	teachers	these
thus for example , ophthalmologists will need to know in a given population how many people of a particular age group and/or sex will suffer a retina detachment in the course of a year .	thus	and	but	as	however	,	when	if	in	-	-
although he 's pitched 200 innings for the first time since mike had a girlfriend ( 200 innings being 6 more than any met has pitched this season thus far ) , pedro has , again , seemed annoyingly off-balance lately .	thus	,	'	that	season	-	a	player	one	pitcher	pitcher
grey 's reformist doctrines can thus be seen , not as an attempt to set out on the road to democracy , but as a means to strengthen the power of his own class , the aristocracy .	thus	not	also	may	to	can	will	would	could	should	might
a clear imperative thus confronts american progressives -- that intricate ( and frequently fragile ) web of communities comprised of people of color , feminists , gays and lesbians , the poor and working class , as well as ethnic whites who value ethnicity , indeed all who have been systematically disenfrancised and dehumanized under the once ascendant `` traditional values `` of pre-civil rights america .	thus	and	the	in	there	it	a	people	people	people	people
we struggle to think of any other minority group in society who would be so easily and conveniently stereotyped and are saddened that law abiding , genuine football supporters of both sexes , all ages and backgrounds who want to stand are thus thought of and portrayed as would be hooligans merely because they prefer to stand .	thus	not	a	and	often	also	they	who	have	usually	are
the kind of control he exercises is thus likely to be limited to `` passive `` control such as inspection of produced goods and testing to insure that quality standards are being met .	thus	not	more	very	also	be	as	a	most	are	considered
thus they can connect with `` who found them `` .	thus	the	they	when	in	these	many	some	this	a	a
the experiment also helps us in understanding the language of dreams , and thus begins the process of interpretation .	thus	it	that	also	which	this	and	he	she	often	there
going to court : civil trial procedure this pamphlet explains what happens when you go to court about civil cases involving negligence or damages .	civil	the	and	in	his	a	to	its	this	some	some
with all due respect to our civil authorities and lawmakers , we are called to testify by word and action , to the essential truths of our faith .	civil	religious	own	faith	church	rights	moral	sacred	and	worship	worship
it is contrary to the spirit of civil law , and to the natural working of economic law .	civil	the	human	english	this	its	greek	french	a	natural	islamic
yes , we occasionally get into some heated discussions here , and the language can get a bit colorful at times , but in general , the posters are relatively civil and well-behaved .	civil	good	common	healthy	light	subtle	poor	popular	difficult	important	,
lionel , singapore lebanon has overcome all adversities in the past , ranging from civil wars to israeli invasion .	civil	the	arab	world	many	both	some	these	its	major	vietnam
this means combating corruption , building strong and accountable public sectors which have the necessary staff to deliver vital services , and ensuring that parliaments , civil society , and the media can monitor public spending and act as watchdogs against corruption .	civil	and	people	such	canada	iraq	'	australia	etc	pakistan	pakistan
truly classy people find a way to be polite , civil and courteous .	civil	human	good	and	french	educated	a	noble	great	the	sacred
not just another period piece on germany 's disturbing past , this film should have deep resonance for today 's movie fans who are concerned about civil and human rights .	civil	the	human	people	living	,	music	cultural	europe	his	popular
spontaneous gestures are a pie in the face of civil society .	civil	the	a	american	his	greek	her	italian	its	latin	latin
since civil discourse in our country is increasingly lacking , and the word insanity in this context implies a lack of such civility , how can that be a good thing for anybody or the mark of a great president ? eh , one episode , wha-evuh .	civil	this	that	it	,	he	there	nature	one	someone	-
the different variables defining the optimal state can therefore be seen as intrinsic needs .	therefore	not	also	only	often	always	be	sometimes	usually	actually	never
this is not a new phenomenon , but one inherent to capitalism itself and recognised by karl marx who pointed out that `` during its time of circulation capital does not perform the functions of productive capital and therefore produces neither commodities nor surplus-value '' 16 and , circulation proceeds in space and time .	therefore	it	that	and	this	he	'	a	-	one	one
the terms therefore seek to preclude plaxo from complying with a request by an individual for alteration or deletion of their personal data .	therefore	that	can	also	will	may	often	to	do	must	should
psychologists are not doctors and therefore they can not prescribe medication .	therefore	so	but	and	because	if	when	in	sometimes	-	-
labour market deregulation is therefore instrumental in boosting jobs and reducing unemployment .	therefore	used	also	based	located	both	important	involved	included	built	working
you should therefore report the break-in to the police .	therefore	not	to	also	often	and	in	a	he	-	-
we therefore oppose the government 's proposals .	therefore	to	also	can	have	did	'	could	,	in	in
this setting exists to prevent accidental 'panning ' on mouse downs that are intended for other actions ( and therefore , prevent unintended changing of the scaling into manual mode ) .	therefore	not	however	so	rather	also	instead	more	sometimes	control	behavior
you will therefore permit me to repeat , emphatically , that marley was as dead as a door-nail .	therefore	not	be	have	see	let	expect	allow	use	help	leave
they should take note of darius ' admonitions . -- well i think this is ok because they 're part of your race and therefore part of your extended family .	therefore	also	not	a	is	in	as	and	this	-	-
a subsidiary was floated in the uk , tata tea ( gb ) ltd. , which acquired the controlling interest in the tetley group .	acquired	purchased	is	had	bought	has	was	owned	sold	owns	shares
how many times have i caught up with those people several years later , to discover that they have acquired a lifestyle , a car and a mortgage to match their salary , and that their initial ideals have faded to the haziest of memories , which they now dismiss as a post-adolescent fantasy ?	acquired	and	the	is	in	a	,	team	team	team	team
thank you for having osiris here . we 've been involved in mesenchymal stem cell , adult stem cell research for about 11 years now . our technology came out of arnie kaplan 's lab and was acquired from case western at that time , and we 've been solely focused in that area since on several applications .	acquired	developed	used	made	released	produced	studied	derived	found	directed	controlled
more than 200 of the most significant works acquired by the corning museum of glass during the 1990s , to augment its holdings of 35,000 objects , are featured here .	acquired	made	used	purchased	built	produced	sold	owned	,	known	are
to understand why this should have been so , we need to look more closely at the nature of the style and its origins .	closely	than	important	difficult	similar	different	,	powerful	common	and	about
some people have guessed that this radiation is closely related to a period of intense cold and a high level of ice cover occurring around 600 mya ; perhaps environmental stresses wiped out competitors and created opportunities for a ( relatively ) clever animal to succeed and proliferate .	closely	the	in	a	is	and	many	,	of	of	of
they are working closely with natural tunnel state park , where the staff , eager to have additional housing nearby , have assured the bakers that they will be booked on a regular basis since the demand for housing outweighs supply .	closely	in	up	on	well	,	together	working	work	for	-
the department is also working closely with hm customs and excise who are in the lead on developing the national lorry road user charging scheme .	closely	working	worked	used	associated	works	built	developed	made	treated	based
retail : in the u.s. , analysts will be looking closely at third-quarter results .	closely	up	back	in	and	for	at	to	used	,	good
their academic careers are closely intertwined with social and political developments such as secularisation and antisemitism .	closely	in	and	the	people	common	is	career	career	career	career
`` the baby has developed very normally and has been followed closely .	closely	up	in	by	to	down	into	well	from	worldwide	during
to prevent asthma episodes you will have to work closely with your doctor to : develop a medicine plan that keeps you from getting symptoms .	closely	working	associated	treated	used	done	mixed	compared	infected	treatment	patients
problems are flagged quickly and , working closely with your staff , we propose solutions .	closely	experience	work	working	,	experiences	works	projects	relations	jobs	links
what women want on a first date ( updated thursday , dec 5 , 2002 , 02:06:55 pm to reflect the 100 most recent valid responses. ) assuming you are a woman , which most closely matches your idea of a great first date ?	closely	and	the	in	also	with	,	a	a	a	a
`` what meeks did not mention is that guea bought the building from her church , victory apostolic faith church in chicago , where she and her father are prominent members , according to cook county property records and the church 's web site .	prominent	the	his	her	and	in	a	'	,	she	she
among the recipients were prominent journalists and producers , scions of the alternative press , and a smattering of current and former intelligence analysts who often serve as sources in news analyses and articles .	prominent	the	important	both	some	many	a	people	part	an	active
update posted at 10:00 am -- permalink back in this post , i reported that the tropicana hotel in las vegas had stopped accepting reservations for after april 15 and that a prominent demolition company had told a reporter that it was studying how to blow up the place .	prominent	the	in	his	a	its	some	their	many	this	while
`` evidence is easily found of multipolarity and china 's prominent role in promoting it .	prominent	main	important	major	leading	key	highest	own	primary	active	core
reeling from the effects of world war ii , prominent local businessmen led by the visionary archie jewell , purchased the building in 1943 and renovated it to become `` the international house `` , a newly-created non-profit trade association dedicated to world peace , trade and understanding .	prominent	the	and	was	a	also	as	but	including	or	which
there were five references to crawford : three dealing with his present claims that he lied on behalf of the tobacco companies , one dealing with a property dispute , and another , which identified him as a prominent criminal lawyer , who had been involved in 33 capital cases .	prominent	the	a	his	some	in	their	with	its	an	an
expansion of markets , improvement of profit potential , and reduction of cost factors join the enhancement of competitive position as prominent forces moving organizations toward globalization .	prominent	the	many	large	and	a	new	people	human	human	human
i have argued in my previous article for pdf that `` [ f ] or armstrong williams-like bloggers actually paid by campaigns or other political committees to promote or attack a candidate for federal office , prominent and on-the-spot disclosure should be mandated . '' a disclosure on a campaign 's website in a quarterly report after the election deprives voters of valuable information about the possible motivations for an analysis or commentary appearing on a website .	prominent	,	'	and	a	the	or	-	/	\	\
this pattern of bad journalism is a prominent feature of every pro-hoax text and video .	prominent	major	large	main	popular	big	common	good	musical	key	key
apple vs. microsoft my altavista survey results revealed that `` gates hate `` is more prominent among mac fans than with other groups -- providing a rationale for starting with apple in our examination of the various conflicts listed above .	prominent	the	a	of	and	in	,	is	with	with	with
posted by : robrob at june 23 , 2005 02:04 am where will the greed of corporations intent on rendering skilled american workers obsolete end ?	rendering	the	their	an	its	a	new	our	-	cr	cr
in particular , provision of an alternative route for cyclists should never be regarded as an excuse for rendering the original road or junction unsuitable for cyclists .	rendering	for	of	to	and	in	on	from	as	over	,
`` this renders necessary a brief review of the position occupied by the administration on this important and vital question .	renders	is	was	in	made	had	are	has	became	have	have
spaghettini with mullet roe and grated vegetables , and penne with sundried tomatoes and basil were both full of flavour and pleasantly light , which was lucky as i was almost defeated by an exceptionally tender and tasty lamb shank to follow .	tender	hard	use	high	plants	food	harvest	the	treatment	stress	produce
women usually notice little change in their breasts , but if you are a man , your breasts may become slightly larger and may be tender .	tender	used	left	cut	changed	smaller	different	removed	treated	affected	damaged
`` i can be very , very strong , but on the other hand , i have very tender sentiments .	tender	good	strong	powerful	old	important	large	weak	rich	popular	great
rabbits often feed on young , tender perennial growth as it emerges in spring , or on young transplants .	tender	and	the	a	their	some	in	its	human	healthy	living
the grilled octopus was very tender .	tender	large	big	long	hard	small	old	difficult	different	tall	important
cook the rice , covered , over boiling water for about 30 minutes , or until the grains are tender .	tender	dried	used	made	harvested	heated	water	eaten	processed	salt	produced
they feed at that period on the opening buds of maples , and others that are equally tender and juicy .	tender	healthy	good	mature	common	moist	ripe	fertile	susceptible	different	resistant
anne bradstreet 's poetry is so tender and poignant , cotton mather 's preaching is both ornery and passionate , richard baxter 's reformed pastor is one of the classics , and jonathan edwards , is , well , jonathan edwards ( if you consider him a puritan , not everyone does. ) oh , by the way , great article about puritans here .	tender	well	great	that	good	,	important	large	much	known	-
china , india , latin america and the rest of asia will help grow worldwide demand for electric power by 59 percent over the next two decades . '' the hydrogen economy is based on the idea that fuel cells that run on hydrogen have the potential to replace current energy systems in all forms , from vehicle propulsion to stationary power generation to mobile phone batteries .	worldwide	the	and	its	their	a	,	electric	some	-	motor
this has been , at times , merely an effort to gain greater public renown for their group or cause , but more troubling have been the groups seeking to push forward al-qaida 's agenda of worldwide terror .	worldwide	the	a	their	its	and	some	his	an	-	-
this is where the information revolution is happening -- and our share of these voices is smaller and smaller -- so america must find way to reach and engage a wider , younger , more diverse worldwide audience .	worldwide	people	and	music	,	voices	audience	-	than	parts	ones
that same thing could happen if we had a manhattan type project focusing on renewables , potential worldwide markets , if we are the leader , and we have every reason to be the leader because we have the biggest problem .	worldwide	in	market	new	the	human	large	-	financial	industrial	more
at the time of writing , the anti-semitic policies of the soviet union are also a subject of worldwide protest .	worldwide	the	this	a	international	its	one	some	national	human	arab
he suggested building an experimental hypertext ' web ' for the worldwide community of physicists who used cern and its publications .	worldwide	international	global	national	united	large	european	american	largest	german	german
furthermore , non-residents can apply to be treated like a resident if his/her income from german sources is either at least 90 percent of his/her worldwide income or his/her non-german source income is less than dm12,000 ( 24,000 for married couples ) .	worldwide	own	income	people	,	households	1	living	5	/	%
after adding the separate partnerships of jlw ireland and jlw scotland , the combined total of our european and north american businesses represented approximately 75 % of worldwide revenue in 1998 , up from approximately 63 % in 1997 .	worldwide	the	its	international	their	all	market	some	and	a	european
osis also provides its users with direct , yet protected , access to the internet and its broad range of worldwide open source information resources .	worldwide	the	its	an	and	public	a	their	user	open	microsoft
like maypoles , wreaths too , as she points out , figure in may day as well as summer solstice celebrations . http : //www.schooloftheseasons.com/signssummer.html [ link updated 5/20/02 ] [ added 26 may 2000 ] : this fun page collects worldwide insights from people who write to waverly and comment on how summer begins for them .	worldwide	the	in	about	a	,	-	/	1	\	\
these functions also use scheduling priority to decide which thread gets to execute when there is contention .	functions	system	work	is	need	process	operation	device	code	hardware	user
functions of the presidency one way of bringing focus to the presidency is to determine what the functions of the position should be .	functions	one	some	part	most	all	that	much	this	many	because
