harry also becomes the worthy possessor of the remaining deathly hallows : the invisibility cloak and the resurrection stone , hence becoming the true master of death .	possessor	master	owner	holder	keeper	bearer	dealer	creator	recipient	one	guardian	owner
escapologists escape from handcuffs , straitjackets , cages , coffins , steel boxes , barrels , bags , burning buildings , fish-tanks and other perils , often in combination .	perils	places	objects	structures	facilities	buildings	areas	debris	hazards	locations	obstacles	places
the storm continued , crossing the outer banks of north carolina , and retained its strength until june 20 when it became extratropical near newfoundland .	retained	maintained	kept	maintaining	continued	regained	remained	maintain	held	preserved	sustained	maintained
the united states convened a 13-nation conference of the international opium commission in 1909 in shanghai , china in response to increasing criticism of the opium trade .	convened	organized	hosted	held	attended	chaired	assembled	summoned	called	organised	established	held
dodd simply retained his athletic director position , which he had acquired in 1950 .	acquired	obtained	purchased	attained	assumed	received	held	earned	gained	won	inherited	obtained
radiometric dating is a technique used to date materials , usually based on a comparison between the observed abundance of a naturally occurring radioactive isotope and its decay products , using known decay rates .	abundance	quantity	concentrations	concentration	amount	quantities	presence	amounts	mass	density	size	presence
bacterial contaminants are ubiquitous , and foods left unused too long will often acquire substantial amounts of bacterial colonies and become dangerous to eat , leading to food poisoning .	substantial	large	significant	small	massive	considerable	huge	larger	smaller	enormous	sufficient	large
tibooburra has an arid , desert climate with temperatures soaring above 40 celsius in summer , often reaching as high as 47 c .	arid	alpine	open	inland	extreme	hot	dry	intense	intermediate	humid	icy	open
hanna meandered around the southeastern bahamas , weakening to a tropical storm while also dumping heavy rain on already-devastated haiti .	meandered	moved	continued	tracked	curved	drifted	turned	traveled	circled	dissipated	passed	moved
das rheingold is the first of the four operas that comprise der ring des nibelungen , by richard wagner .	comprise	constitute	contain	include	includes	form	contains	produce	involve	consist	feature	include
published by tor books , it was released on august 15 , 1994 in hardcover , and in paperback on july 15 , 1997 .	released	published	reissued	issued	reprinted	also	available	sold	distributed	launched	later	published
by 1960 he had developed the short story into a screenplay , and envisaged it as containing a suitable role for monroe .	envisaged	proposed	conceived	described	saw	intended	considered	projected	suggested	planned	regarded	described
with poor sales of the a340-200 , airbus decided to use the fuselage of the a340-200 with the wings and engines of the a330-300 .	fuselage	wings	wing	nose	body	cockpit	tail	aircraft	cabin	interior	hull	wings
the last event was held on june 11 , 2000 , not to be held again due to the acquisition of wcw by world wrestling federation .	acquisition	purchase	ownership	takeover	sale	absorption	use	annexation	transfer	possession	purchases	purchase
kowal suggested the name and the iau endorsed it in 1975 .	endorsed	accepted	rejected	adopted	approved	embraced	recommended	supported	ratified	confirmed	proposed	accepted
dry air wrapping around the southern periphery of the cyclone eroded most of the deep convection by early on september 12 .	periphery	edge	edges	tip	rim	core	center	flank	margin	boundary	part	edge
alfonso drops the marriage contract in front of the officers , and , when they read it , they become enraged .	enraged	angry	furious	mad	agitated	angered	violent	frightened	alarmed	frustrated	disgusted	angry
located on the river pedieos and situated almost in the center of the island , it is the seat of government as well as the main business center .	situated	located	also	positioned	placed	is	lying	Located	not	geographically	being	located
it has now been determined that europa is a prograde rotator , but the exact direction in which its pole points remains ambiguous .	ambiguous	unclear	unknown	uncertain	obscure	vague	undisclosed	unchanged	clear	arbitrary	questionable	uncertain
the bishops ceded the oversticht to the emperor charles v in 1528 , who styled himself `` lord of overijssel '' , thereby giving the province its modern name .	ceded	transferred	returned	surrendered	sold	granted	lost	gave	restored	yielded	conceded	transferred
many parts of odessa were damaged during its siege and recapture on 10 april 1944 , when the city was finally liberated by the red army .	siege	bombardment	occupation	capture	defense	assault	blockade	destruction	construction	evacuation	defence	occupation
the city was first founded by the british in 1827 , who leased the island from spain during the colonial period .	leased	rented	bought	purchased	acquired	owned	claimed	occupied	reclaimed	seized	rent	bought
in reference to the landscape , bush describes a wooded area , intermediate between a shrubland and a forest , generally of dry and nitrogen-poor soil , mostly grassless , thin to thick woody shrubs and bushes , under a sparse canapy of eucalypts .	sparse	dense	thick	thin	rich	small	heavy	minimal	scattered	light	scarce	dense
they locate food by smell , using sensors in the tip of their snout , and regularly feast on ants and termites .	snout	nose	tongue	tail	nostrils	ears	head	mouth	teeth	chin	lips	nose
at present it is formed by the aa , which descends from the rigi and enters the southern extremity of the lake .	extremity	end	part	edge	tip	shore	side	portion	half	corner	section	part
specialized english operates in the civil society sector , and the developers aspire to make programs for a variety of public service purposes , subject to resources being available .	aspire	seek	claim	aim	wish	intend	desire	choose	tend	attempt	continue	wish
this period spanned the years from 1278 through 1288 .	spanned	included	encompassed	covered	includes	comprised	covers	was	encompasses	involved	extended	included
realising that the gang could not elude the police forever , moondyne joe formulated a plan to escape the colony by traveling overland to the colony of south australia .	elude	avoid	escape	resist	ignore	follow	pursue	delay	serve	withstand	contain	avoid
southeastern oklahoma , also known by its official tourism designation , kiamichi country , encompasses the southeastern quarter of the state of oklahoma .	encompasses	includes	covers	comprises	contains	occupies	is	surrounds	spans	borders	incorporates	includes
in 2001 , unesco inscribed the 2,750-year-old city on the world heritage list as samarkand - crossroads of cultures .	inscribed	Released	passed	placed	released	passed
to enjoy qin songs , one must learn to become accustomed to the eccentric style some players may sing their songs to , like in the case of zha fuxi .	eccentric	unusual	unconventional	eclectic	odd	peculiar	unique	bizarre	strange	complex	sophisticated	unusual
as a result of this acquisition and the legal dispute with hearst corporation , mandrakesoft announced that the new company name would be mandriva , and that mandriva linux would be the new name covering products .	dispute	battle	conflict	fight	battles	struggle	settlement	issue	conflicts	controversy	challenge	battle
he was born at plessiel , a hamlet of drucat near abbeville , to a long-established family of picardy , the great-nephew of the painter eustache le sueur .	hamlet	village	settlement	commune	community	neighbourhood	location	town	site	place	locality	village
their quick acceleration makes them suitable for services with short intervals between stations .	suitable	useful	ideal	appropriate	desirable	convenient	good	acceptable	adequate	comfortable	practical	ideal
aung san suu kyi returned to burma in 1988 to take care of her ailing mother .	ailing	sick	dying	elderly	ill	pregnant	dead	deceased	widowed	injured	aging	sick
port arthur was also the destination for juvenile convicts , receiving many boys , some as young as nine arrested for stealing toys .	juvenile	adult	female	young	male	youth	child	younger	older	teenage	adolescent	female
the international re-formed in 1923 , and was reconstituted again , in its present form , after world war ii .	reconstituted	reformed	reorganized	revived	formed	dissolved	active	renamed	disbanded	organized	expanded	revived
the amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .	tributaries	watershed	basin	branches	confluence	source	affluent	catchment	reservoir	delta	sources	basin
typically , the biggest difference between film and stage musicals is the use of lavish background scenery which would be impractical in a theater .	lavish	elaborate	expensive	luxurious	spectacular	ornate	cheap	dramatic	large	fancy	colorful	elaborate
following the hassles ' demise in 1969 , he formed the duo attila with hassles drummer jon small .	demise	death	departure	breakup	dissolution	collapse	end	failure	downfall	disappearance	bankruptcy	death
the first amniotes , such as casineria , resembled small lizards and evolved from amphibian reptiliomorphs about 340 million years ago .	resembled	were	became	ate	are	was	like	followed	had	mimic	formed	were
in 1999 , a world tamil confederation was established to protect and foster tamil culture and further a sense of togetherness amongst tamils in different countries .	foster	promote	encourage	develop	enhance	preserve	maintain	support	facilitate	strengthen	stimulate	promote
historically , in the warm mediterranean and middle eastern climates , the courtyard served to accommodate the large number of worshippers during friday prayers .	accommodate	house	hold	host	support	seat	handle	welcome	serve	facilitate	contain	house
john mccain polled 62.5 % in the 2008 presidential election while 70.9 % of utahns opted for george w. bush in 2004 .	opted	voted	chose	elected	preferred	vote	switched	went	turned	chosen	selected	went
throughout most of the film , his only true friend , aside from his mother , is the mouse , timothy - a relationship parodying the stereotypical animosity between mice and elephants .	animosity	relationship	friendship	rivalry	love	bond	conflict	relationships	attraction	romance	tension	relationship
the band is known for its large line-up , which consists of nine members ; including a vocalist , two guitarists , a bassist , two percussionists in addition to a primary drummer , a sampler , and a turntablist .	vocalist	singer	drummer	keyboardist	guitarist	saxophonist	pianist	violinist	frontman	songwriter	bassist	singer
digital signatures are equivalent to traditional handwritten signatures in many respects ; properly implemented digital signatures are more difficult to forge than the handwritten type .	forge	create	make	produce	construct	manufacture	print	obtain	break	use	craft	create
triton was revealed to have remarkable active geysers and polar caps .	remarkable	both	no	very	highly	two	also	more	many	several	three	very
polar bear fur consists of a layer of dense underfur and an outer layer of guard hairs , which appear white to tan but are actually transparent .	transparent	white	black	visible	reflective	dark	clear	solid	not	pale	yellowish	white
the most common reason for erecting a khachkar was for votive reasons - for the salvation of the soul of either a living or a deceased person .	deceased	dead	dying	living	breathing	fallen	died	Dead	sleeping	death	die	dead
scene 2 : the doctor rushes by the captain in the street , who urges him to slow down .	urges	tells	asks	encourages	warns	commands	orders	forces	signals	reminds	convinces	tells
the revival of lute in the 20th century revitalized the interest of composers in the instruments of the lute family .	revival	decline	rise	development	restoration	popularity	introduction	growth	resurrection	emergence	recovery	development
lancelot de carles called her `` beautiful with an elegant figure '' , and a venetian in paris in 1528 also reported that she was said to be beautiful .	reported	said	noted	recorded	claimed	stated	confirmed	wrote	commented	mentioned	observed	noted
he is notable as a performer of australian traditional folk songs in an authentic style .	performer	singer	composer	musician	writer	vocalist	player	producer	lyricist	songwriter	practitioner	singer
the false gharial , also known as the malayan gharial , false gavial , or tomistoma is a fresh-water reptile resembling a crocodile with a very thin and elongated snout , which is thicker than the gharial .	elongated	long	short	pointed	longer	extended	angular	oval	curved	rounded	straight	long
he held several senior positions in the royal flying corps during world war i , serving as the commander of royal flying corps in france from 1915 to 1917 .	senior	junior	other	important	subordinate	high	staff	higher	key	top	leading	other
the hush sound is currently on hiatus .	hiatus	hold	sale	probation	pause	suspension	recovery	vacation	air	release	decline	hold
monte plata is a province of the dominican republic , and also the name of its capital city . it was split from san crist_bal in 1992 .	province	district	part	region	city	department	subdivision	territory	municipality	commune	division	city
from 1908 to 1911 he was the principal conductor of the vienna hofoper succeeding gustav mahler ; he retained the conductorship of the vienna philharmonic until 1927 .	retained	held	maintained	kept	continued	remained	had	exercised	resumed	assumed	hold	held
mexican cinnamon hot chocolate is traditionally served alongside a variety of mexican pastries known as pan dulce and , as in spain , churros .	traditionally	also	usually	often	typically	commonly	generally	normally	sometimes	then	now	also
cholera , sometimes known as asiatic or epidemic cholera , is an infectious gastroenteritis caused by enterotoxin-producing strains of the bacterium vibrio cholerae .	strains	bacteria	species	infections	members	agents	cells	viruses	forms	colonies	individuals	species
a hurricane struck dominica and puerto rico between july 22 and july 24 .	struck	hit	impacted	destroyed	attacked	passed	left	affected	battered	touched	damaged	hit
in 1975 the old district steinfurt was merged with the district tecklenburg , and together with greven and saerbeck from the former district m_nster the current district was formed .	formed	created	established	founded	constituted	dissolved	born	erected	made	incorporated	introduced	created
it was discovered by a team of astronomers led by brett j. gladman , et al . in 2003 .	discovered	named	described	found	confirmed	observed	announced	identified	published	solved	examined	found
city of faizabad is the headquarters of faizabad district and a municipal board in the state of uttar pradesh , india , situated on the banks of river ghaghra .	headquarters	capital	seat	center	centre	city	largest	hub	office	home	HQ	center
hms guardian set out before the convict ships but struck ice after leaving the cape of good hope , returned to southern africa and was wrecked on the coast .	returned	sailed	continued	went	back	withdrew	fled	came	crossed	traveled	travelled	went
on 1 october 1983 the pilot project began operations as a full-fledged bank and was renamed the grameen bank to make loans to poor bangladeshis .	full-fledged	private	cooperative	savings	commercial	community	public	rural	state	central	branch	private
riel sought to preserve mtis rights and culture as their homelands in the northwest came progressively under the canadian sphere of influence .	sought	attempted	wanted	worked	aimed	continued	tried	hoped	wished	intended	desired	wanted
they are characterized by spirituality and metaphysical themes , extremely long takes , lack of conventional dramatic structure and plot , and memorable cinematography .	cinematography	photography	sequences	scenes	imagery	scenery	editing	lighting	dialogue	performances	music	scenes
glaciologically , ice age implies the presence of extensive ice sheets in the northern and southern hemispheres ; by this definition we are still in the ice age that began at the start of the pleistocene .	definition	term	description	terminology	means	convention	meaning	,	concept	standard	one	term
grolangheim is a municipality in the district of kitzingen in bavaria in germany .	municipality	town	village	city	township	borough	settlement	commune	community	parish	hamlet	town
when a fair weather waterspout makes landfall it quickly dissipates as it loses the inflow of warm air into the vortex .	dissipates	sinks	dies	decreases	expands	rises	stops	changes	reduces	leaves	drops	sinks
after receiving the news of the important award , yunus announced that he would use part of his share of the $ 1.4 million award money to create a company to make low-cost , high-nutrition food for the poor ; while the rest would go toward setting up an eye hospital for the poor in bangladesh .	announced	stated	said	confirmed	declared	revealed	indicated	added	promised	mentioned	pledged	declared
phillip was appointed governor of new south wales , the first european colony on the australian continent , and was the founder of the site which is now the city of sydney .	appointed	also	the	named	elected	made	a	chosen	then	nominated	later	elected
after the demise of the whl , however , the stanley cup was awarded exclusively to the nhl playoff champion , and the wales trophy was given to the regular season champion .	exclusively	solely	only	entirely	mainly	primarily	again	instead	permanently	annually	mostly	only
italy purchased the city in 1905 and made mogadishu the capital of italian somaliland .	purchased	acquired	bought	sold	seized	leased	owned	inherited	divided	left	annexed	bought
the short-beaked echidna is an iconic animal in contemporary australia , notably appearing on the australian five-cent piece and on a $ 200 commemorative coin released in 1992 .	contemporary	modern	historical	Australian	American	current	Western	classical	European	western	the	modern
situated 13 miles southeast of seattle , washington , renton straddles the southeast shore of lake washington .	situated	Located	located	approximately	and	;	location	also	positioned	Approximately	about	located
yass is a prominent area for raising sheep which produce very fine wool due to the soil and climatic conditions of the yass area .	prominent	notable	significant	popular	famous	major	leading	important	noted	distinctive	renowned	popular
the interest was so great that developers found themselves advertising the parks rather than their own developments , as the highest prices would exist for the park perceived to be best .	advertising	promoting	marketing	selling	announcing	celebrating	buying	targeting	offering	supporting	discussing	selling
the romans believed the fumes produced by burning castoreum could induce an abortion ; paracelsus thought it could be used in the treatment of epilepsy ; and medieval beekeepers used it to increase honey production .	produced	created	generated	emitted	released	made	caused	formed	obtained	synthesized	contained	created
outcast of redwall is a fantasy novel by brian jacques , published in 1995 .	novel	book	story	romance	work	trilogy	thriller	collection	play	series	tale	book
with the others bailed out for various food items , tom was the last man standing and won immunity .	various	different	several	certain	other	all	some	the	numerous	many	multiple	other
jamie farr is an american television and film actor and popular game show panelist .	panelist	host	judge	contestant	commentator	guest	presenter	participant	producer	caller	personality	host
the association of virtue with withdrawal from society - and specifically from cities - was a familiar theme in religious literature .	theme	motif	topic	subject	concept	element	idea	one	feature	story	genre	motif
at the end of each season , a series of playoff games are contested among the top six teams in the nfc , consisting of the four division champions and the two other teams with the best win-loss records .	contested	played	held	disputed	fought	hosted	competed	won	decided	arranged	settled	held
after the partitions of poland in 1794 the area was annexed by prussia .	annexed	occupied	absorbed	conquered	administered	acquired	ceded	covered	surrounded	settled	inhabited	occupied
a british nobleman , lord stanhope , took an interest in hauser and gained custody of him late in 1831 .	gained	obtained	acquired	regained	took	won	got	lost	claimed	received	earned	acquired
simon phillip cowell is an english music executive , television producer and entrepreneur .	entrepreneur	businessman	investor	philanthropist	actor	producer	musician	author	programmer	DJ	director	actor
the principal greenhouse , in an art nouveau style with a modern metallic structure , resembles the mid-19th century crystal palace in london .	resembles	is	matches	recalls	follows	suggests	parallels	echoes	depicts	represents	features	is
metlink , formerly the met , is the marketing body and umbrella brand for public train , tram and bus transport operators in greater melbourne , victoria , australia .	brand	name	company	label	title	group	organisation	logo	marketing	package	term	company
schoenberg refused , saying `` i would only make you a bad schoenberg , and you 're such a good gershwin already . ''	refused	declined	protested	insisted	countered	agreed	disagreed	objected	rejected	replied	persisted	declined
however media outlets soon found ways around the ban , initially by the use of subtitles , but later and more commonly by the use of an actor reading his words over the images of him speaking .	initially	mainly	primarily	not	mostly	first	also	originally	usually	generally	particularly	not
however , the new king , louis xviii , knew that ideas of nationalism and democracy still lingered in his country ; hence the establishment and signing of the charte constitutionnelle franaise , the french constitution otherwise known as la charte .	hence	thus	so	therefore	and	after	consequently	following	with	for	since	and
in 1639 , williams established a baptist church in providence , rhode island , and clarke began a baptist church in newport , rhode island .	established	founded	built	began	erected	opened	started	organized	commenced	constructed	completed	built
while each edition of windows 2000 was targeted to a different market , they share a core set of features , including many system utilities such as the microsoft management console and standard system administration applications .	core	common	similar	different	unique	full	complete	basic	larger	broader	distinct	common
the battalion is usually part of a regiment , group or a brigade , depending on the organizational model used by that service .	usually	often	also	typically	generally	normally	sometimes	always	either	not	frequently	often
intense feelings of resentment trigger the initial retaliation , which causes the other party to feel equally aggrieved and vengeful .	retaliation	reaction	response	anger	punishment	revenge	aggression	attack	confrontation	vengeance	rage	anger
slipknot is a heavy metal band formed by vocalist and percussionist anders colsefni , guitarists donnie steele and josh `` gnar '' brainard , bassist paul gray , drummer joey jordison and percussionist shawn crahan , in des moines , iowa .	formed	composed	founded	led	created	constituted	headed	started	fronted	organized	assembled	founded
the most recent goaltender to have scored a goal by deliberately shooting the puck into his opponents ' net was evgeni nabokov , in 2002 .	deliberately	intentionally	accidentally	consciously	inadvertently	repeatedly	voluntarily	simply	casually	actually	systematically	intentionally
these notable synagogues include ; the great synagogue of rome , the new synagogue , the leopoldst_dter tempel , the grand choral synagogue , the great synagogue , the moscow choral synagogue , the great synagogue of florence , the great synagogue , plzen , the great synagogue , the ko ice orthodox synagogue , the novi sad synagogue , the szeged synagogue , the sofia synagogue and the great synagogue of oran .	notable	famous	great	important	historic	major	remarkable	historical	significant	other	prominent	great
the northern and western edges of the cotswolds are marked by steep escarpments down to the severn valley and the warwickshire avon .	escarpments	slopes	cliffs	valleys	ridges	hills	rises	drops	runs	descent	steps	cliffs
the roof of the west stand is corrugated iron this also houses the main television gantry which is accessed from the upper tier seating area by a temporary ladder .	tier	level	class	deck	row	grade	rank	levels	floor	section	secondary	level
it gradually decayed into a surface low pressure trough , and developed into two disturbances ; one was centered 290 miles south-southeast of cape cod and another was located 200 miles south of cape hatteras , north carolina .	gradually	then	eventually	later	subsequently	slowly	quickly	also	rapidly	further	finally	then
while in cambrai he collaborated with nicolas grenon on a complete revision of the liturgical musical collection of the cathedral , which included writing an extensive collection of polyphonic music for services .	included	involved	featured	encompassed	contained	comprised	was	consisted	meant	required	involves	involved
nevertheless , until the middle of the 20th century , agriculture dominated the canton .	nevertheless	However	Still	Nonetheless	Then	Also	Finally	Thus	Moreover	Therefore	Similarly	nevertheless
this category contains articles about albums released on island records .	contains	includes	comprises	features	encompasses	has	covers	include	collects	lists	incorporates	includes
kasem is best known by name as a music historian and disc jockey , most notably as host of the weekly american top 40 radio program from 1970 to 1988 , and again from march 1998 until january 10 , 2004 , when ryan seacrest succeeded him .	program	show	series	broadcast	station	episode	newscast	shows	segment	event	special	show
spun yarns may contain a single type of fiber , or be a blend of various types . combining synthetic fibers with natural fibers is very common .	various	different	several	multiple	many	all	both	two	numerous	these	other	several
the atmosphere was so intense that gring , in a telephone call that evening , stated : `` there is unbelievable jubilation in austria .	stated	said	replied	added	responded	wrote	commented	remarked	continued	declared	answered	said
several other hollywood films are also believed to have been inspired by bollywood films .	inspired	influenced	made	produced	preceded	followed	created	informed	motivated	accompanied	influences	influenced
the island of ireland lies only 30 k from the southwestern peninsula of kintyre ; norway is 305 k to the east and the faroes , 270 k to the north .	peninsula	tip	point	coast	shore	end	island	part	cape	side	mainland	end
the kingdom of the franks under charlemagne was particularly hard-hit by these raiders , who could sail down the seine with near impunity .	impunity	ease	certainty	abandon	accuracy	violence	success	desperation	speed	precision	skill	ease
during its boom times , beechworth town boasted a range of industries including , a tannery , jewellers , boot makers , a brewery , blacksmiths , livestock sale yards .	livestock	and	cattle	sheep	animal	horse	stock	dairy	meat	grain	wool	cattle
traditionally , after a long period of consuming gimjang kimchi during the winter , fresh potherbs and vegetables were popular for making kimchi . these kinds of kimchi were not fermented or even stored for long periods of time but were consumed fresh .	period	time	interval	duration	term	process	while	spell	hiatus	pause	season	time
on 5 february 2007 , apple inc. and apple corps announced a settlement of their trademark dispute under which apple inc. will own all of the trademarks related to `` apple '' and will license certain of those trademarks back to apple corps for their continued use .	announced	reached	made	published	agreed	proposed	signed	completed	concluded	released	launched	made
canadian english is the variety of english used in canada . more than 26 million canadians have some knowledge of english .	variety	type	form	dialect	kind	version	sort	range	diversity	style	specialty	type
the books were later adapted into a television series and a feature film .	adapted	made	developed	turned	expanded	combined	compiled	produced	collected	translated	edited	developed
the mtr was immediately popular with residents of hong kong ; as a result , subsequent lines have been built to cover more territory . there are continual debates regarding how and where to expand the mtr network .	immediately	also	especially	particularly	very	initially	more	then	only	most	soon	also
this is a considerably higher total than that of any other european country .	considerably	significantly	substantially	much	slightly	far	comparatively	relatively	somewhat	greatly	notably	significantly
his reign spanned the years from 809 through 823 .	spanned	encompassed	covered	included	includes	comprised	covers	extended	lasted	encompasses	was	encompassed
in 1269 it was the seat of a famous battle during the wars of guelphs and ghibellines and in 1479 it was besieged by neapolitan troops .	besieged	occupied	attacked	captured	destroyed	surrounded	stormed	sacked	taken	burned	siege	occupied
once a flourishing saxon riverport , it lies in the waveney valley and is a popular boating center .	lies	is	sits	remains	resides	rests	lays	lay	stands	exists	was	is
then cogswell asked gallaudet to travel to europe to study methods for teaching deaf students , especially those of the braidwood family in edinburgh , scotland .	travel	return	go	come	visit	trip	journey	move	fly	continue	sail	go
swiss cheese is a generic name common to many countries for several related varieties of cheese which resemble the swiss emmental .	resemble	mimic	include	feature	contain	incorporate	produce	use	involve	bear	form	include
fiction records is a uk formerly indie label , now wholly owned by polydor a subsidiary of universal music group , started by chris parry in 1978 that is best known as being the home of the cure for over 20 years .	owned	held	controlled	managed	run	operated	occupied	acquired	bought	sold	funded	operated
the sculpture was made from the same weathering steel as the angel of the north sculpture , which gradually develops a tightly adhering oxide layer as it is exposed to the elements .	gradually	slowly	then	also	rapidly	progressively	eventually	quickly	later	further	subsequently	then
valzacchi and annina now offer their services to him .	services	assistance	lives	support	help	work	contracts	talents	money	aid	skills	assistance
because carbon dioxide is released at a faster rate through the acid-base reaction than through fermentation , breads made by chemical leavening are called quick breads .	released	produced	discharged	emitted	expelled	transferred	generated	liberated	removed	transported	delivered	produced
as an adult , he was charged with a long list of crimes , including possession of counterfeit money , loitering and prowling , burglary , kidnapping and armed robbery .	loitering	wandering	stalking	lurking	walking	patrolling	driving	stealing	dancing	hanging	passing	wandering
it was founded where the nascent sydney to melbourne road crossed water in the form of the yass river .	nascent	new	old	original	first	main	present	ancient	existing	entire	modern	new
heights are measured to the structural height , which includes architectural elements , but not communications spires or antennas , per the guidelines of the council on tall buildings and urban habitat .	includes	comprises	contains	covers	encompasses	involves	features	is	has	means	consists	contains
the dam was completed in 1974 and was designed to store water from the indus river for irrigation and flood control , and for the generation of hydro-electric power .	designed	intended	built	constructed	meant	planned	used	developed	created	proposed	established	built
xanten is also a popular filming location and the site of many concerts .	site	location	venue	place	scene	host	home	setting	name	set	destination	location
loch ness is best known for the alleged sightings of the legendary loch ness monster , also known as `` nessie '' .	legendary	mythical	'	giant	great	mythological	female	alleged	infamous	famous	local	great
security-enhanced linux is a linux feature that provides a mechanism for supporting access control security policies , including u.s. department of defense style mandatory access controls , through the use of linux security modules in the linux kernel .	provides	offers	is	includes	gives	supplies	defines	allows	enables	creates	presents	offers
it lies on the southern side of lake constance .	lies	is	sits	stands	resides	rests	lays	lay	was	exists	falls	is
the croatia national football team represents the republic of croatia in international football .	represents	champions	serves	assists	supports	leads	competes	is	participates	of	matches	serves
it is rare and valuable in finer grades and has been prized as a gem and ornamental stone for thousands of years owing to its unique hue .	hue	colour	quality	character	shape	appearance	color	qualities	nature	form	design	character
a tuning fork or electronic tuning device may be used as a reference pitch , though in ensemble rehearsals often a piano is used .	reference	secondary	primary	standard	background	backup	second	support	test	practice	base	standard
peter became extratropical on december 11 , and was absorbed by a cold front shortly thereafter .	thereafter	afterwards	after	afterward	later	before	following	subsequently	prior	subsequent	earlier	after
in 2003 , dushku appeared in wrong turn , a horror film in which she had the starring role , and the kiss , an independent comedy-drama .	appeared	acted	starred	was	played	performed	participated	died	came	returned	featured	was
his fighting style is primarily judo but has been modified to fight without the use of a judogi .	primarily	mainly	mostly	predominantly	also	largely	essentially	exclusively	typically	not	generally	mainly
in 1901 , an independent governor was again appointed .	appointed	elected	chosen	named	installed	nominated	selected	established	created	added	confirmed	elected
the album primarily deals with social issues that the band points on through various songs .	points	touches	focuses	speaks	comments	turns	goes	focus	reflects	takes	moves	focus
a state religion is a religious body or creed officially endorsed by the state .	endorsed	approved	recognized	supported	sanctioned	authorized	sponsored	accepted	adopted	backed	acknowledged	supported
it initially was completely dark , but as voyager 2 approached the planet , a bright core developed and can be seen in most of the highest-resolution images .	initially	later	then	also	eventually	subsequently	originally	ultimately	now	soon	again	then
according to kojiki , the entrance to yomi lies in izumo province and was sealed off by izanagi-no-mikoto upon his flight from yomi , at which time he permanently blocked the entrance by placing a massive boulder at the base of the slope that leads to yomi . upon his return to ashihara-no-nakatsukuni , izanagi noted that yomi is a `` polluted land '' .	placing	putting	positioning	installing	setting	laying	removing	dropping	throwing	mounting	constructing	putting
its status as an official geological period was ratified in 2004 by the international union of geological sciences , making it the first new geological period declared in 120 years .	ratified	confirmed	recognized	approved	verified	affirmed	accepted	recognised	adopted	finalized	renewed	confirmed
nearby there is the goobang national park , and peak hill which features an open cut mine that can be toured during holidays .	features	has	includes	contains	displays	houses	boasts	is	shows	exhibits	hosts	includes
good friday , also called holy friday , black friday , or great friday , is a holiday observed primarily by adherents to christianity commemorating the crucifixion of jesus and his death at calvary .	primarily	mainly	exclusively	solely	predominantly	only	mostly	chiefly	largely	generally	also	mainly
as of , it lies at latitude 66 33 39 south of the equator .	lies	is	resides	sits	rests	remains	occurs	was	exists	stands	lay	is
during the first boer war , the city was besieged by republican forces in december 1880 and march 1881 .	besieged	occupied	captured	attacked	destroyed	sacked	recaptured	surrounded	taken	conquered	burned	occupied
one of the defining aspects of the nintendo gamecube is the rejuvenated relationship between nintendo and its licensees . unlike previous generations in which nintendo was seen by some as bullying its third-party game developers , nintendo openly sought game-development aid on the nintendo gamecube .	rejuvenated	close	strong	direct	dynamic	positive	stronger	strengthened	strained	friendly	ambiguous	close
montgomery county of the u.s. state of maryland is situated just north of washington , d.c. and southwest of baltimore .	situated	located	positioned	centered	placed	also	centred	established	set	based	Located	located
the birthday cake is traditionally highly decorated , and typically covered with lit candles when presented , the number of candles signifying the age of the celebrant .	traditionally	also	usually	typically	generally	more	normally	always	likewise	similarly	often	usually
in wales , four church of england dioceses were disestablished in 1920 , becoming separated from the church of england in the process and subsequently becoming the church in wales .	separated	detached	split	independent	apart	distinct	isolated	disconnected	divided	different	divorced	split
the true cross is the name for physical remnants which , by a christian tradition , are believed to be from the cross upon which jesus was crucified .	remnants	fragments	relics	traces	parts	elements	ruins	objects	bodies	bones	pieces	elements
seafloor spreading occurs at mid-ocean ridges , where new oceanic crust is formed through volcanic activity and then gradually moves away from the ridge .	gradually	slowly	rapidly	progressively	eventually	steadily	gently	quickly	abruptly	finally	it	slowly
it reached a peak position of number thirty-seven on the billboard hot modern rock tracks chart .	reached	attained	achieved	hit	had	entered	made	managed	held	gained	received	attained
the shinto pantheon alone consists of an uncountable number of kami .	consists	is	comprises	composed	exists	boasts	includes	remains	has	comprised	means	is
business development manager strategic alliances This individual will be responsible for coordinating , negotiating , launching , and managing Accuity 's partner relationships .	managing	maintaining	controlling	running	developing	overseeing	operating	monitoring	directing	handling	financing	maintaining
it is relatively simple to find lenses which will maintain reasonably good central resolution the central resolution , but thus far , I have not been able to achieve an edge resolution better than about 0.1 mm with `` off the shelf `` lenses .	thus	so	by	therefore	hence	this	thereby	as	So	since	very	so
the calculation is based on the loan 's original principal , so Fellows who are not recent graduates , and thus have been making loan payments , are treated the same as new graduates .	thus	therefore	hence	so	consequently	thereby	also	who	yet	still	not	therefore
thus for example , ophthalmologists will need to know in a given population how many people of a particular age group and/or sex will suffer a retina detachment in the course of a year .	thus	So	so	Therefore	Similarly	similarly	Hence	,	therefore	hence	Likewise	so
although he 's pitched 200 innings for the first time since Mike had a girlfriend ( 200 innings being 6 more than any Met has pitched this season thus far ) , Pedro has , again , seemed annoyingly off-balance lately .	thus	so	this	therefore	by	hence	thereby	as	So	since	that	so
grey 's reformist doctrines can thus be seen , not as an attempt to set out on the road to democracy , but as a means to strengthen the power of his own class , the aristocracy .	thus	also	therefore	likewise	then	now	further	similarly	again	however	indeed	therefore
a clear imperative thus confronts American progressives -- that intricate ( and frequently fragile ) web of communities comprised of people of color , feminists , gays and lesbians , the poor and working class , as well as ethnic whites who value ethnicity , indeed all who have been systematically disenfrancised and dehumanized under the once ascendant `` traditional values `` of pre-Civil Rights America .	thus	then	therefore	also	thereby	likewise	which	subsequently	further	that	consequently	therefore
we struggle to think of any other minority group in society who would be so easily and conveniently stereotyped and are saddened that law abiding , genuine football supporters of both sexes , all ages and backgrounds who want to stand are thus thought of and portrayed as would be hooligans merely because they prefer to stand .	thus	therefore	also	likewise	thereby	so	not	consequently	subsequently	hence	similarly	therefore
the kind of control he exercises is thus likely to be limited to `` passive `` control such as inspection of produced goods and testing to insure that quality standards are being met .	thus	therefore	also	more	likewise	equally	less	not	similarly	most	thereby	therefore
thus they can connect with `` who found them `` .	thus	and	so	or	Similarly	Also	Therefore	therefore	So	hence	also	and
the experiment also helps us in understanding the language of dreams , and thus begins the process of interpretation .	thus	therefore	so	hence	thereby	also	then	consequently	this	subsequently	finally	therefore
going to Court : civil Trial Procedure This pamphlet explains what happens when you go to court about civil cases involving negligence or damages .	civil	criminal	jury	general	all	state	special	the	legal	simple	full	criminal
with all due respect to our civil authorities and lawmakers , we are called to testify by word and action , to the essential truths of our faith .	civil	religious	church	legal	social	criminal	public	military	ecclesiastical	political	local	religious
it is contrary to the spirit of civil law , and to the natural working of economic law .	civil	criminal	natural	commercial	moral	administrative	military	common	political	legal	ecclesiastical	criminal
yes , we occasionally get into some heated discussions here , and the language can get a bit colorful at times , but in general , the posters are relatively civil and well-behaved .	civil	calm	peaceful	polite	quiet	formal	friendly	cool	nice	warm	open	quiet
Lionel , Singapore Lebanon has overcome all adversities in the past , ranging from civil wars to Israeli invasion .	civil	political	military	religious	guerrilla	tribal	land	nuclear	social	world	water	political
this means combating corruption , building strong and accountable public sectors which have the necessary staff to deliver vital services , and ensuring that parliaments , civil society , and the media can monitor public spending and act as watchdogs against corruption .	civil	the	political	human	social	military	natural	their	public	parliamentary	humanitarian	human
truly classy people find a way to be polite , civil and courteous .	civil	polite	calm	formal	quiet	friendly	nice	diplomatic	proper	warm	cool	polite
not just another period piece on Germany 's disturbing past , this film should have deep resonance for today 's movie fans who are concerned about civil and human rights .	civil	democracy	political	justice	social	moral	human	peace	criminal	humanity	liberty	political
spontaneous gestures are a pie in the face of civil society .	civil	social	political	democratic	human	capitalist	military	modern	the	high	criminal	human
since civil discourse in our country is increasingly lacking , and the word insanity in this context implies a lack of such civility , how can that be a good thing for anybody or the mark of a great president ? Eh , one episode , wha-evuh .	civil	political	public	the	social	legal	military	moral	government	democratic	private	political
the different variables defining the optimal state can therefore be seen as intrinsic needs .	therefore	also	thus	likewise	both	additionally	similarly	consequently	all	hence	not	thus
this is not a new phenomenon , but one inherent to capitalism itself and recognised by Karl Marx who pointed out that `` During its time of circulation capital does not perform the functions of productive capital and therefore produces neither commodities nor surplus-value '' 16 and , Circulation proceeds in space and time .	therefore	thus	hence	consequently	so	accordingly	it	also	likewise	subsequently	instead	thus
the terms therefore seek to preclude Plaxo from complying with a request by an individual for alteration or deletion of their personal data .	therefore	also	thus	additionally	likewise	consequently	further	hence	may	which	however	also
psychologists are not doctors and therefore they can not prescribe medication .	therefore	thus	hence	so	consequently	also	because	accordingly	indeed	however	yet	thus
labour market deregulation is therefore instrumental in boosting jobs and reducing unemployment .	therefore	also	thus	likewise	consequently	further	additionally	particularly	especially	hence	itself	thus
you should therefore report the break-in to the police .	therefore	also	not	thus	consequently	likewise	subsequently	accordingly	now	additionally	immediately	not
we therefore oppose the government 's proposals .	therefore	also	likewise	strongly	thus	cannot	should	consequently	will	must	do	also
this setting exists to prevent accidental 'panning ' on mouse downs that are intended for other actions ( and therefore , prevent unintended changing of the scaling into manual mode ) .	therefore	thus	hence	consequently	also	indeed	so	likewise	additionally	accordingly	ultimately	thus
you will therefore permit me to repeat , emphatically , that Marley was as dead as a door-nail .	therefore	also	likewise	thus	not	consequently	however	now	accordingly	further	subsequently	not
they should take note of Darius ' admonitions . -- Well I think this is ok because they 're part of your race and therefore part of your extended family .	therefore	thus	hence	also	consequently	so	are	not	a	now	currently	thus
a subsidiary was floated in the UK , Tata Tea ( GB ) Ltd. , which acquired the controlling interest in the Tetley Group .	acquired	purchased	bought	inherited	gained	retained	took	owned	received	held	obtained	purchased
how many times have I caught up with those people several years later , to discover that they have acquired a lifestyle , a car and a mortgage to match their salary , and that their initial ideals have faded to the haziest of memories , which they now dismiss as a post-adolescent fantasy ?	acquired	purchased	obtained	gained	developed	inherited	bought	adopted	established	received	accumulated	purchased
thank you for having Osiris here . We 've been involved in mesenchymal stem cell , adult stem cell research for about 11 years now . Our technology came out of Arnie Kaplan 's lab and was acquired from Case Western at that time , and we 've been solely focused in that area since on several applications .	acquired	purchased	bought	obtained	borrowed	taken	inherited	received	imported	transferred	stolen	purchased
more than 200 of the most significant works acquired by the Corning Museum of Glass during the 1990s , to augment its holdings of 35,000 objects , are featured here .	acquired	purchased	collected	obtained	bought	owned	recovered	held	seized	accumulated	amassed	purchased
to understand why this should have been so , we need to look more closely at the nature of the style and its origins .	closely	carefully	specifically	deeply	clearly	broadly	directly	thoroughly	fully	positively	intently	carefully
some people have guessed that this radiation is closely related to a period of intense cold and a high level of ice cover occurring around 600 mya ; perhaps environmental stresses wiped out competitors and created opportunities for a ( relatively ) clever animal to succeed and proliferate .	closely	strongly	also	directly	likely	roughly	loosely	further	precisely	specifically	probably	strongly
they are working closely with Natural Tunnel State Park , where the staff , eager to have additional housing nearby , have assured the Bakers that they will be booked on a regular basis since the demand for housing outweighs supply .	closely	directly	together	also	strongly	along	regularly	well	effectively	carefully	specifically	directly
the Department is also working closely with hm Customs and Excise who are in the lead on developing the national lorry road user charging scheme .	closely	together	directly	well	strongly	along	jointly	regularly	also	tightly	carefully	together
retail : in the U.S. , analysts will be looking closely at third-quarter results .	closely	carefully	positively	intently	strongly	broadly	cautiously	primarily	only	specifically	more	carefully
their academic careers are closely intertwined with social and political developments such as secularisation and antisemitism .	closely	also	often	strongly	heavily	deeply	further	similarly	particularly	highly	equally	often
`` the baby has developed very normally and has been followed closely .	closely	carefully	well	up	immediately	strongly	quickly	regularly	tightly	slowly	steadily	carefully
to prevent asthma episodes you will have to work closely with your doctor to : develop a medicine plan that keeps you from getting symptoms .	closely	together	directly	carefully	hard	independently	extensively	regularly	quickly	properly	tightly	together
problems are flagged quickly and , working closely with your staff , we propose solutions .	closely	together	directly	carefully	properly	tightly	well	quietly	quickly	effectively	strongly	together
what women want on A first date ( updated Thursday , Dec 5 , 2002 , 02:06:55 PM to reflect the 100 most recent valid responses. ) assuming you are a woman , which most closely matches your idea of a great first date ?	closely	strongly	accurately	precisely	clearly	positively	broadly	carefully	intently	tightly	roughly	strongly
`` what Meeks did not mention is that GUEA bought the building from her church , Victory Apostolic Faith Church in Chicago , where she and her father are prominent members , according to Cook County property records and the church 's Web site .	prominent	active	notable	significant	also	leading	founding	former	influential	major	important	active
among the recipients were prominent journalists and producers , scions of the alternative press , and a smattering of current and former intelligence analysts who often serve as sources in news analyses and articles .	prominent	distinguished	notable	established	leading	influential	noted	senior	emerging	renowned	veteran	leading
update Posted at 10:00 AM -- Permalink Back in this post , I reported that the Tropicana Hotel in Las Vegas had stopped accepting reservations for after April 15 and that a prominent demolition company had told a reporter that it was studying how to blow up the place .	prominent	notable	local	rival	nearby	major	large	conservative	private	famous	noted	local
`` evidence is easily found of multipolarity and China 's prominent role in promoting it .	prominent	significant	important	major	active	leading	primary	key	notable	strong	pivotal	important
reeling from the effects of World War II , prominent local businessmen led by the visionary Archie Jewell , purchased the building in 1943 and renovated it to become `` The International House `` , a newly-created non-profit trade association dedicated to world peace , trade and understanding .	prominent	influential	wealthy	notable	the	important	significant	powerful	elite	conservative	renowned	influential
there were five references to Crawford : three dealing with his present claims that he lied on behalf of the tobacco companies , one dealing with a property dispute , and another , which identified him as a prominent criminal lawyer , who had been involved in 33 capital cases .	prominent	leading	notable	famous	noted	successful	distinguished	powerful	renowned	respected	senior	famous
expansion of markets , improvement of profit potential , and reduction of cost factors join the enhancement of competitive position as prominent forces moving organizations toward globalization .	prominent	major	important	leading	significant	key	influential	strong	primary	main	powerful	major
i have argued in my previous article for PDF that `` [ f ] or Armstrong Williams-like bloggers actually paid by campaigns or other political committees to promote or attack a candidate for federal office , prominent and on-the-spot disclosure should be mandated . '' A disclosure on a campaign 's website in a quarterly report after the election deprives voters of valuable information about the possible motivations for an analysis or commentary appearing on a website .	prominent	conspicuous	notable	famous	bold	celebrity	landmark	significant	influential	prestigious	conservative	notable
this pattern of bad journalism is a prominent feature of every pro-hoax text and video .	prominent	major	common	significant	central	notable	conspicuous	key	distinctive	recurring	dominant	major
apple vs. Microsoft My AltaVista survey results revealed that `` Gates Hate `` is more prominent among Mac fans than with other groups -- providing a rationale for starting with Apple in our examination of the various conflicts listed above .	prominent	prevalent	common	popular	widespread	active	frequent	predominant	visible	significant	influential	popular
posted by : Robrob at June 23 , 2005 02:04 AM Where will the greed of corporations intent on rendering skilled American workers obsolete end ?	rendering	making	leaving	turning	creating	make	transforming	producing	manufacturing	giving	becoming	making
in particular , provision of an alternative route for cyclists should never be regarded as an excuse for rendering the original road or junction unsuitable for cyclists .	rendering	making	leaving	finding	creating	declaring	treating	considering	turning	putting	placing	making
`` this renders necessary a brief review of the position occupied by the Administration on this important and vital question .	renders	makes	is	becomes	means	make	proves	making	made	does	as	is
Spaghettini with mullet roe and grated vegetables , and penne with sundried tomatoes and basil were both full of flavour and pleasantly light , which was lucky as I was almost defeated by an exceptionally tender and tasty lamb shank to follow .	tender	soft	hard	sweet	gentle	strong	tough	delicate	hot	warm	good	soft
women usually notice little change in their breasts , but if you are a man , your breasts may become slightly larger and may be tender .	tender	soft	softer	sore	firm	sensitive	painful	vulnerable	hard	gentle	pink	soft
`` i can be very , very strong , but on the other hand , I have very tender sentiments .	tender	soft	gentle	sweet	good	loving	strong	kind	weak	bad	sensitive	sweet
rabbits often feed on young , tender perennial growth as it emerges in spring , or on young transplants .	tender	soft	mature	sweet	healthy	vulnerable	ripe	delicate	dry	robust	fragile	sweet
the grilled octopus was very tender .	tender	soft	hard	sweet	good	hot	strong	delicate	sharp	cold	tough	sweet
Cook the rice , covered , over boiling water for about 30 minutes , or until the grains are tender .	tender	ready	ripe	dry	full	raw	hot	soft	cold	hard	cooked	ready
they feed at that period on the opening buds of maples , and others that are equally tender and juicy .	tender	soft	sweet	hard	sensitive	delicate	bitter	warm	firm	ripe	tough	sweet
Anne Bradstreet 's poetry is so tender and poignant , Cotton Mather 's preaching is both ornery and passionate , Richard Baxter 's Reformed Pastor is one of the classics , and Jonathan Edwards , is , well , Jonathan Edwards ( if you consider him a Puritan , not everyone does. ) Oh , by the way , great article about Puritans here .	tender	gentle	soft	sweet	kind	beautiful	earnest	passionate	warm	delicate	lovely	sweet
China , India , Latin America and the rest of Asia will help grow worldwide demand for electric power by 59 percent over the next two decades . '' The hydrogen economy is based on the idea that fuel cells that run on hydrogen have the potential to replace current energy systems in all forms , from vehicle propulsion to stationary power generation to mobile phone batteries .	worldwide	global	international	the	national	nationwide	globally	regional	Global	overall	total	global
this has been , at times , merely an effort to gain greater public renown for their group or cause , but more troubling have been the groups seeking to push forward al-Qaida 's agenda of worldwide terror .	worldwide	global	international	national	total	mass	nationwide	universal	regional	domestic	nuclear	national
this is where the information revolution is happening -- and our share of these voices is smaller and smaller -- so America must find way to reach and engage a wider , younger , more diverse worldwide audience .	worldwide	global	international	national	US	American	,	online	overseas	European	nationwide	international
that same thing could happen if we had a Manhattan type project focusing on renewables , potential worldwide markets , if we are the leader , and we have every reason to be the leader because we have the biggest problem .	worldwide	global	international	foreign	overseas	national	regional	European	Global	globally	US	global
at the time of writing , the anti-semitic policies of the Soviet Union are also a subject of worldwide protest .	worldwide	international	global	widespread	nationwide	national	mass	public	wide	massive	local	international
he suggested building an experimental hypertext ' web ' for the worldwide community of physicists who used CERN and its publications .	worldwide	global	international	wider	wide	European	national	entire	International	broader	whole	international
furthermore , non-residents can apply to be treated like a resident if his/her income from German sources is either at least 90 percent of his/her worldwide income or his/her non-German source income is less than DM12,000 ( 24,000 for married couples ) .	worldwide	global	international	total	national	overseas	personal	overall	European	nationwide	net	global
after adding the separate partnerships of JLW Ireland and JLW Scotland , the combined total of our European and North American businesses represented approximately 75 % of worldwide revenue in 1998 , up from approximately 63 % in 1997 .	worldwide	global	total	international	the	all	overall	UK	US	globally	national	total
OSIS also provides its users with direct , yet protected , access to the Internet and its broad range of worldwide open source information resources .	worldwide	global	international	national	globally	nationwide	internationally	online	regional	other	related	global
like Maypoles , wreaths too , as she points out , figure in May Day as well as Summer solstice celebrations . http : //www.schooloftheseasons.com/signssummer.html [ Link updated 5/20/02 ] [ Added 26 May 2000 ] : this fun page collects worldwide insights from people who write to Waverly and comment on how summer begins for them .	worldwide	global	international	overseas	national	nationwide	online	regional	personal	internationally	globally	global
these functions also use scheduling priority to decide which thread gets to execute when there is contention .	functions	programs	applications	operations	services	utilities	operators	processes	types	calls	methods	services
functions of the Presidency One way of bringing focus to the presidency is to determine what the functions of the position should be .	functions	powers	Powers	activities	duties	affairs	operations	responsibilities	Operations	Affairs	Organization	duties
