harry also becomes the worthy possessor of the remaining deathly hallows : the invisibility cloak and the resurrection stone , hence becoming the true master of death .	possessor	owner	master	host	recipient	holder	receiver	proprietor	user	bearer	heir
escapologists escape from handcuffs , straitjackets , cages , coffins , steel boxes , barrels , bags , burning buildings , fish-tanks and other perils , often in combination .	perils	places	problems	defects	devices	dangers	lizards	types	hazards	commonly	commonly
the storm continued , crossing the outer banks of north carolina , and retained its strength until june 20 when it became extratropical near newfoundland .	retained	maintained	held	kept	remained	preserved	lost	gained	acquired	obtained	sustained
the united states convened a 13-nation conference of the international opium commission in 1909 in shanghai , china in response to increasing criticism of the opium trade .	convened	held	hosted	assembled	organized	summoned	formed	mandated	reorganized	grouped	coordinated
dodd simply retained his athletic director position , which he had acquired in 1950 .	acquired	obtained	gained	established	attained	purchased	secured	bought	achieved	arrived	settled
radiometric dating is a technique used to date materials , usually based on a comparison between the observed abundance of a naturally occurring radioactive isotope and its decay products , using known decay rates .	abundance	values	decay	quantities	value	presence	existence	traces	elements	isotope	emission
bacterial contaminants are ubiquitous , and foods left unused too long will often acquire substantial amounts of bacterial colonies and become dangerous to eat , leading to food poisoning .	substantial	large	significant	small	sizable	considerable	certain	massive	moderate	notable	gigantic
tibooburra has an arid , desert climate with temperatures soaring above 40 celsius in summer , often reaching as high as 47 c .	arid	alternative	agricultural	alternate	intermediate	unpleasant	unstable	upright	ambiguous	amber	abbreviated
hanna meandered around the southeastern bahamas , weakening to a tropical storm while also dumping heavy rain on already-devastated haiti .	meandered	moved	scattered	wandered	curved	bounced	twisted	peaked	wound	fragmented	fragmented
das rheingold is the first of the four operas that comprise der ring des nibelungen , by richard wagner .	comprise	constitute	include	are	contain	make	provide	conclude	proportion	consume	encompass
published by tor books , it was released on august 15 , 1994 in hardcover , and in paperback on july 15 , 1997 .	released	published	found	issued	distributed	sold	opened	read	produced	located	printed
by 1960 he had developed the short story into a screenplay , and envisaged it as containing a suitable role for monroe .	envisaged	described	regarded	identified	established	represented	portrayed	presented	saw	treated	organised
with poor sales of the a340-200 , airbus decided to use the fuselage of the a340-200 with the wings and engines of the a330-300 .	fuselage	wings	body	lines	layout	nose	spectrum	keel	buildings	dashboard	debts
the last event was held on june 11 , 2000 , not to be held again due to the acquisition of wcw by world wrestling federation .	acquisition	purchase	merger	absorption	ownership	opening	unification	destruction	organization	activation	amalgamation
kowal suggested the name and the iau endorsed it in 1975 .	endorsed	approved	adopted	accepted	supported	sponsored	sanctioned	accredited	mandated	rejected	recommended
dry air wrapping around the southern periphery of the cyclone eroded most of the deep convection by early on september 12 .	periphery	edge	center	rim	centre	fringe	edges	margin	sector	quadrant	loop
alfonso drops the marriage contract in front of the officers , and , when they read it , they become enraged .	enraged	angry	agitated	anxious	furious	impatient	ill	confused	angered	dissatisfied	crazed
located on the river pedieos and situated almost in the center of the island , it is the seat of government as well as the main business center .	situated	located	found	placed	positioned	based	concentrated	nowadays	erected	lodged	locating
it has now been determined that europa is a prograde rotator , but the exact direction in which its pole points remains ambiguous .	ambiguous	unclear	uncertain	obscure	vague	unknown	unspecified	clear	confusing	binary	confusion
the bishops ceded the oversticht to the emperor charles v in 1528 , who styled himself `` lord of overijssel '' , thereby giving the province its modern name .	ceded	surrendered	relinquished	granted	sold	transferred	conceded	leased	pledged	bequeathed	allotted
many parts of odessa were damaged during its siege and recapture on 10 april 1944 , when the city was finally liberated by the red army .	siege	rescue	battle	conquest	capture	combat	blockade	surrender	counterattack	recapture	clash
the city was first founded by the british in 1827 , who leased the island from spain during the colonial period .	leased	bought	acquired	occupied	obtained	rented	took	secured	contracted	rent	evacuated
in reference to the landscape , bush describes a wooded area , intermediate between a shrubland and a forest , generally of dry and nitrogen-poor soil , mostly grassless , thin to thick woody shrubs and bushes , under a sparse canapy of eucalypts .	sparse	scattered	dense	thick	loose	scarce	dispersed	clustered	superficial	homogeneous	diffuse
they locate food by smell , using sensors in the tip of their snout , and regularly feast on ants and termites .	snout	nose	noses	beak	tails	nostrils	forehead	antennae	nasal	lance	abdomen
at present it is formed by the aa , which descends from the rigi and enters the southern extremity of the lake .	extremity	part	end	region	portion	area	section	half	point	department	margin
specialized english operates in the civil society sector , and the developers aspire to make programs for a variety of public service purposes , subject to resources being available .	aspire	want	aim	strive	begin	cease	attempt	desire	endeavour	endeavor	arise
this period spanned the years from 1278 through 1288 .	spanned	represented	stretched	covered	lasted	studied	dated	linked	averaged	embraced	grouped
realising that the gang could not elude the police forever , moondyne joe formulated a plan to escape the colony by traveling overland to the colony of south australia .	elude	escape	avoid	evade	meet	satisfy	dodge	resist	delay	obey	foil
southeastern oklahoma , also known by its official tourism designation , kiamichi country , encompasses the southeastern quarter of the state of oklahoma .	encompasses	includes	occupies	defines	contains	represents	covers	addresses	spans	captures	prohibits
in 2001 , unesco inscribed the 2,750-year-old city on the world heritage list as samarkand - crossroads of cultures .	inscribed	placed	listed	designated	engraved	recorded	included	etched	categorized	grouped	integrated
to enjoy qin songs , one must learn to become accustomed to the eccentric style some players may sing their songs to , like in the case of zha fuxi .	eccentric	unusual	unconventional	extraordinary	authoritarian	crazy	irregular	bizarre	imaginative	uncommon	erratic
as a result of this acquisition and the legal dispute with hearst corporation , mandrakesoft announced that the new company name would be mandriva , and that mandriva linux would be the new name covering products .	dispute	conflict	battle	confusion	settlement	quarrel	fight	line	contest	feud	division
he was born at plessiel , a hamlet of drucat near abbeville , to a long-established family of picardy , the great-nephew of the painter eustache le sueur .	hamlet	town	part	borough	commune	region	portion	locality	municipality	segment	distortion
their quick acceleration makes them suitable for services with short intervals between stations .	suitable	useful	appropriate	unsuitable	good	attractive	fitting	convenient	favourable	competent	famous
aung san suu kyi returned to burma in 1988 to take care of her ailing mother .	ailing	dying	elderly	old	sick	aged	struggling	poor	older	failing	busy
port arthur was also the destination for juvenile convicts , receiving many boys , some as young as nine arrested for stealing toys .	juvenile	youth	adult	youthful	young	many	junior	federal	adolescent	teenage	prospective
the international re-formed in 1923 , and was reconstituted again , in its present form , after world war ii .	reconstituted	reorganized	formed	dissolved	established	reformed	disbanded	restored	discharged	activated	present
the amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .	tributaries	branches	segments	streams	derivatives	valleys	portions	forks	subsidiaries	confluence	runoff
typically , the biggest difference between film and stage musicals is the use of lavish background scenery which would be impractical in a theater .	lavish	elaborate	magnificent	complex	expensive	costly	luxurious	customized	extravagant	ornate	lush
following the hassles ' demise in 1969 , he formed the duo attila with hassles drummer jon small .	demise	death	dissolution	victory	reunion	reformation	formation	destruction	reorganisation	ascension	reorganization
the first amniotes , such as casineria , resembled small lizards and evolved from amphibian reptiliomorphs about 340 million years ago .	resembled	were	became	represented	formed	admired	shaped	mirrored	preserved	adapted	studied
in 1999 , a world tamil confederation was established to protect and foster tamil culture and further a sense of togetherness amongst tamils in different countries .	foster	promote	maintain	safeguard	protect	restore	provide	strengthen	create	affect	implant
historically , in the warm mediterranean and middle eastern climates , the courtyard served to accommodate the large number of worshippers during friday prayers .	accommodate	facilitate	host	serve	allow	address	assist	satisfy	relocate	assemble	widen
john mccain polled 62.5 % in the 2008 presidential election while 70.9 % of utahns opted for george w. bush in 2004 .	opted	voted	chose	worked	wished	volunteered	picked	switched	accounted	substituted	voting
throughout most of the film , his only true friend , aside from his mother , is the mouse , timothy - a relationship parodying the stereotypical animosity between mice and elephants .	animosity	relationship	relations	conflict	friendship	rivalry	relationships	interaction	conflicts	interactions	similarity
the band is known for its large line-up , which consists of nine members ; including a vocalist , two guitarists , a bassist , two percussionists in addition to a primary drummer , a sampler , and a turntablist .	vocalist	singer	drummer	bassist	keyboardist	frontman	soprano	rapper	novelist	comedian	protagonist
digital signatures are equivalent to traditional handwritten signatures in many respects ; properly implemented digital signatures are more difficult to forge than the handwritten type .	forge	obtain	alter	change	bend	copy	identify	verify	duplicate	reproduce	fake
triton was revealed to have remarkable active geysers and polar caps .	remarkable	notable	studied	extraordinary	crystalline	moderately	marvelous	133	independently	subsidiary	faulty
polar bear fur consists of a layer of dense underfur and an outer layer of guard hairs , which appear white to tan but are actually transparent .	transparent	white	clear	yellow	opaque	violet	blank	yellowish	clearer	dispersed	milky
the most common reason for erecting a khachkar was for votive reasons - for the salvation of the soul of either a living or a deceased person .	deceased	dead	died	dying	living	departed	preserved	distant	childless	defunct	deadly
scene 2 : the doctor rushes by the captain in the street , who urges him to slow down .	urges	forces	orders	encourages	helps	causes	tells	leads	influences	invites	commands
the revival of lute in the 20th century revitalized the interest of composers in the instruments of the lute family .	revival	resurgence	reunion	recovery	renaissance	reissue	return	development	rebirth	restoration	resort
lancelot de carles called her `` beautiful with an elegant figure '' , and a venetian in paris in 1528 also reported that she was said to be beautiful .	reported	found	said	recorded	claimed	confirmed	described	wrote	remarked	observed	testified
he is notable as a performer of australian traditional folk songs in an authentic style .	performer	singer	vocalist	producer	presenter	comedian	specialist	practitioner	soloist	proponent	competitor
the false gharial , also known as the malayan gharial , false gavial , or tomistoma is a fresh-water reptile resembling a crocodile with a very thin and elongated snout , which is thicker than the gharial .	elongated	slender	long	oval	curved	distorted	flexible	elliptical	angular	tubular	compressed
he held several senior positions in the royal flying corps during world war i , serving as the commander of royal flying corps in france from 1915 to 1917 .	senior	major	command	commander	general	corps	commanding	central	operational	brigadier	divisional
the hush sound is currently on hiatus .	hiatus	vacation	pause	holiday	suspension	space	board	sigh	pauses	suspense	tbs
monte plata is a province of the dominican republic , and also the name of its capital city . it was split from san crist_bal in 1992 .	province	municipality	city	region	department	part	district	governorate	republic	subdivision	division
from 1908 to 1911 he was the principal conductor of the vienna hofoper succeeding gustav mahler ; he retained the conductorship of the vienna philharmonic until 1927 .	retained	held	maintained	preserved	kept	remained	continued	relinquished	upheld	questioned	prolonged
mexican cinnamon hot chocolate is traditionally served alongside a variety of mexican pastries known as pan dulce and , as in spain , churros .	traditionally	historically	typically	commonly	usually	often	generally	also	predominantly	formerly	structurally
cholera , sometimes known as asiatic or epidemic cholera , is an infectious gastroenteritis caused by enterotoxin-producing strains of the bacterium vibrio cholerae .	strains	species	cells	varieties	forms	bacteria	cultures	members	lines	versions	copies
a hurricane struck dominica and puerto rico between july 22 and july 24 .	struck	formed	made	destroyed	became	affected	impacted	exited	defeated	caressed	recorded
in 1975 the old district steinfurt was merged with the district tecklenburg , and together with greven and saerbeck from the former district m_nster the current district was formed .	formed	created	founded	established	born	made	shaped	found	reformed	merged	represented
it was discovered by a team of astronomers led by brett j. gladman , et al . in 2003 .	discovered	found	known	studied	published	detected	located	founded	recognized	recovered	corrected
city of faizabad is the headquarters of faizabad district and a municipal board in the state of uttar pradesh , india , situated on the banks of river ghaghra .	headquarters	capital	location	offices	commissioner	districts	subdivision	namesake	locations	subdivisions	initials
hms guardian set out before the convict ships but struck ice after leaving the cape of good hope , returned to southern africa and was wrecked on the coast .	returned	went	moved	reverted	traveled	travelled	sailed	left	referred	failed	dispersed
on 1 october 1983 the pilot project began operations as a full-fledged bank and was renamed the grameen bank to make loans to poor bangladeshis .	full-fledged	small	regional	commercial	state	private	pilot	retail	reserve	guerrilla	beta
riel sought to preserve mtis rights and culture as their homelands in the northwest came progressively under the canadian sphere of influence .	sought	attempted	tried	desired	struggled	aimed	intended	seeks	pursued	targeted	scrambled
they are characterized by spirituality and metaphysical themes , extremely long takes , lack of conventional dramatic structure and plot , and memorable cinematography .	cinematography	scenes	moments	landscapes	melodies	personalities	gameplay	digits	demographics	demographics	demographics
glaciologically , ice age implies the presence of extensive ice sheets in the northern and southern hemispheres ; by this definition we are still in the ice age that began at the start of the pleistocene .	definition	time	meaning	interpretation	point	end	conception	,	measurement	determination	title
grolangheim is a municipality in the district of kitzingen in bavaria in germany .	municipality	town	city	county	village	district	state	commune	borough	canton	concentration
when a fair weather waterspout makes landfall it quickly dissipates as it loses the inflow of warm air into the vortex .	dissipates	spreads	settles	changes	develops	states	sinks	clears	crashes	collapses	divides
after receiving the news of the important award , yunus announced that he would use part of his share of the $ 1.4 million award money to create a company to make low-cost , high-nutrition food for the poor ; while the rest would go toward setting up an eye hospital for the poor in bangladesh .	announced	declared	said	promised	stated	indicated	established	ordered	agreed	began	decreed
phillip was appointed governor of new south wales , the first european colony on the australian continent , and was the founder of the site which is now the city of sydney .	appointed	made	named	commissioned	established	the	subsequently	assigned	also	labelled	situated
after the demise of the whl , however , the stanley cup was awarded exclusively to the nhl playoff champion , and the wales trophy was given to the regular season champion .	exclusively	only	primarily	solely	mainly	entirely	principally	strictly	uniquely	universally	efficiently
italy purchased the city in 1905 and made mogadishu the capital of italian somaliland .	purchased	bought	destroyed	sold	obtained	acquired	seized	annexed	boarded	chartered	consumed
the short-beaked echidna is an iconic animal in contemporary australia , notably appearing on the australian five-cent piece and on a $ 200 commemorative coin released in 1992 .	contemporary	western	modern	current	everyday	subtropical	eclectic	casual	complex	realistic	complementary
situated 13 miles southeast of seattle , washington , renton straddles the southeast shore of lake washington .	situated	located	positioned	found	erected	subdivided	perched	scrambled	lodged	stranded	stranded
yass is a prominent area for raising sheep which produce very fine wool due to the soil and climatic conditions of the yass area .	prominent	notable	common	leading	famous	local	distinguished	prevalent	distinctive	conspicuous	desirable
the interest was so great that developers found themselves advertising the parks rather than their own developments , as the highest prices would exist for the park perceived to be best .	advertising	selling	promoting	marketing	identifying	establishing	branding	locating	attracting	announcing	illustrating
the romans believed the fumes produced by burning castoreum could induce an abortion ; paracelsus thought it could be used in the treatment of epilepsy ; and medieval beekeepers used it to increase honey production .	produced	created	generated	obtained	formed	released	emitted	caused	manufactured	injected	induced
outcast of redwall is a fantasy novel by brian jacques , published in 1995 .	novel	book	series	thriller	chapter	group	paperback	miniseries	written	title	published
with the others bailed out for various food items , tom was the last man standing and won immunity .	various	other	different	common	numerous	certain	fancy	diverse	earthly	youthful	entertaining
jamie farr is an american television and film actor and popular game show panelist .	panelist	host	presenter	contestant	moderator	guest	judge	hostess	producer	personality	moderate
the association of virtue with withdrawal from society - and specifically from cities - was a familiar theme in religious literature .	theme	motif	topic	element	episode	subject	issue	idea	item	problem	occurrence
at the end of each season , a series of playoff games are contested among the top six teams in the nfc , consisting of the four division champions and the two other teams with the best win-loss records .	contested	held	played	disputed	fought	won	produced	awarded	obtained	formed	favored
after the partitions of poland in 1794 the area was annexed by prussia .	annexed	acquired	occupied	recovered	administered	unified	integrated	subdivided	amalgamated	chartered	chartered
a british nobleman , lord stanhope , took an interest in hauser and gained custody of him late in 1831 .	gained	obtained	got	took	acquired	attained	retained	achieved	became	regained	formed
simon phillip cowell is an english music executive , television producer and entrepreneur .	entrepreneur	businessman	broadcaster	producer	presenter	founder	explorer	leader	owner	proprietor	frontman
the principal greenhouse , in an art nouveau style with a modern metallic structure , resembles the mid-19th century crystal palace in london .	resembles	represents	reflects	recalls	describes	compares	is	likes	suggests	addresses	examines
metlink , formerly the met , is the marketing body and umbrella brand for public train , tram and bus transport operators in greater melbourne , victoria , australia .	brand	name	group	label	organisation	title	team	franchise	banner	word	term
schoenberg refused , saying `` i would only make you a bad schoenberg , and you 're such a good gershwin already . ''	refused	agreed	declined	failed	disagreed	insisted	lied	answered	rejected	affirmed	stipulated
however media outlets soon found ways around the ban , initially by the use of subtitles , but later and more commonly by the use of an actor reading his words over the images of him speaking .	initially	first	originally	primarily	mainly	also	principally	subsequently	early	locally	firstly
however , the new king , louis xviii , knew that ideas of nationalism and democracy still lingered in his country ; hence the establishment and signing of the charte constitutionnelle franaise , the french constitution otherwise known as la charte .	hence	and	in	thus	also	therefore	rue	fault	fiat	fourier	fourier
in 1639 , williams established a baptist church in providence , rhode island , and clarke began a baptist church in newport , rhode island .	established	began	founded	opened	started	formed	commenced	planted	located	became	beginning
while each edition of windows 2000 was targeted to a different market , they share a core set of features , including many system utilities such as the microsoft management console and standard system administration applications .	core	common	basic	central	different	similar	main	complex	complementary	distinct	cyber
the battalion is usually part of a regiment , group or a brigade , depending on the organizational model used by that service .	usually	often	typically	sometimes	generally	a	commonly	always	mostly	either	nowadays
intense feelings of resentment trigger the initial retaliation , which causes the other party to feel equally aggrieved and vengeful .	retaliation	response	resentment	hostility	vengeance	counterattack	disposition	revenge	compensation	rivalry	empathy
slipknot is a heavy metal band formed by vocalist and percussionist anders colsefni , guitarists donnie steele and josh `` gnar '' brainard , bassist paul gray , drummer joey jordison and percussionist shawn crahan , in des moines , iowa .	formed	founded	created	established	produced	developed	composed	reformed	divided	known	assembled
the most recent goaltender to have scored a goal by deliberately shooting the puck into his opponents ' net was evgeni nabokov , in 2002 .	deliberately	intentionally	secretly	accidentally	purposely	forcibly	falsely	suddenly	wrongly	reluctantly	subtly
these notable synagogues include ; the great synagogue of rome , the new synagogue , the leopoldst_dter tempel , the grand choral synagogue , the great synagogue , the moscow choral synagogue , the great synagogue of florence , the great synagogue , plzen , the great synagogue , the ko ice orthodox synagogue , the novi sad synagogue , the szeged synagogue , the sofia synagogue and the great synagogue of oran .	notable	great	famous	prominent	large	modern	exceptional	eminent	sizable	typical	renowned
the northern and western edges of the cotswolds are marked by steep escarpments down to the severn valley and the warwickshire avon .	escarpments	valleys	mountains	slopes	drops	cliffs	faces	edges	rocks	lines	triangles
the roof of the west stand is corrugated iron this also houses the main television gantry which is accessed from the upper tier seating area by a temporary ladder .	tier	level	table	section	platform	stage	layer	group	sectional	tab	truss
it gradually decayed into a surface low pressure trough , and developed into two disturbances ; one was centered 290 miles south-southeast of cape cod and another was located 200 miles south of cape hatteras , north carolina .	gradually	slowly	eventually	rapidly	soon	steadily	quickly	briefly	continuously	nearly	successively
while in cambrai he collaborated with nicolas grenon on a complete revision of the liturgical musical collection of the cathedral , which included writing an extensive collection of polyphonic music for services .	included	began	involved	kept	created	consisted	finished	added	required	combined	integrated
nevertheless , until the middle of the 20th century , agriculture dominated the canton .	nevertheless	however	therefore	still	nonetheless	longer	subsequently	accordingly	moreover	remarkably	remarkably
this category contains articles about albums released on island records .	contains	includes	is	has	identifies	represents	holds	lists	defines	addresses	addresses
kasem is best known by name as a music historian and disc jockey , most notably as host of the weekly american top 40 radio program from 1970 to 1988 , and again from march 1998 until january 10 , 2004 , when ryan seacrest succeeded him .	program	show	series	station	segment	network	broadcast	format	chart	package	host
spun yarns may contain a single type of fiber , or be a blend of various types . combining synthetic fibers with natural fibers is very common .	various	several	different	numerous	many	multiple	certain	myriad	diverse	differing	multitude
the atmosphere was so intense that gring , in a telephone call that evening , stated : `` there is unbelievable jubilation in austria .	stated	said	claimed	declared	indicated	specified	asserted	exclaimed	discussed	found	accounted
several other hollywood films are also believed to have been inspired by bollywood films .	inspired	influenced	helped	caused	affected	motivated	led	produced	destroyed	based	adapted
the island of ireland lies only 30 k from the southwestern peninsula of kintyre ; norway is 305 k to the east and the faroes , 270 k to the north .	peninsula	corner	region	gulf	part	island	province	tip	kingdom	peak	commune
the kingdom of the franks under charlemagne was particularly hard-hit by these raiders , who could sail down the seine with near impunity .	impunity	victory	independence	precision	mastery	triumph	luck	mr	l	st	st
during its boom times , beechworth town boasted a range of industries including , a tannery , jewellers , boot makers , a brewery , blacksmiths , livestock sale yards .	livestock	and	animal	agricultural	cattle	veterinary	sheep	poultry	hog	hog	hog
traditionally , after a long period of consuming gimjang kimchi during the winter , fresh potherbs and vegetables were popular for making kimchi . these kinds of kimchi were not fermented or even stored for long periods of time but were consumed fresh .	period	time	duration	stretch	term	reason	region	position	interval	group	spell
on 5 february 2007 , apple inc. and apple corps announced a settlement of their trademark dispute under which apple inc. will own all of the trademarks related to `` apple '' and will license certain of those trademarks back to apple corps for their continued use .	announced	released	published	established	produced	disclosed	promised	agreed	signed	unveiled	formed
canadian english is the variety of english used in canada . more than 26 million canadians have some knowledge of english .	variety	form	style	version	type	use	dialect	spelling	branch	alteration	degree
the books were later adapted into a television series and a feature film .	adapted	developed	turned	converted	adopted	edited	evolved	remade	interpreted	condensed	unfolded
the mtr was immediately popular with residents of hong kong ; as a result , subsequent lines have been built to cover more territory . there are continual debates regarding how and where to expand the mtr network .	immediately	instantly	quickly	already	initially	promptly	easily	soon	instant	extremely	readily
this is a considerably higher total than that of any other european country .	considerably	significantly	substantially	much	greatly	somewhat	slightly	vastly	comparatively	notably	distinctly
his reign spanned the years from 809 through 823 .	spanned	covered	lasted	stretched	encompassed	dominated	occupied	averaged	crossed	dated	wiped
in 1269 it was the seat of a famous battle during the wars of guelphs and ghibellines and in 1479 it was besieged by neapolitan troops .	besieged	conquered	siege	fortified	stormed	invaded	destroyed	annexed	bombed	evacuated	recaptured
once a flourishing saxon riverport , it lies in the waveney valley and is a popular boating center .	lies	is	lays	exists	stretches	rests	spreads	falls	stays	resides	doubles
then cogswell asked gallaudet to travel to europe to study methods for teaching deaf students , especially those of the braidwood family in edinburgh , scotland .	travel	go	come	return	fly	journey	move	migrate	leave	ride	study
swiss cheese is a generic name common to many countries for several related varieties of cheese which resemble the swiss emmental .	resemble	include	mimic	are	approximate	match	look	recall	copy	observe	eat
fiction records is a uk formerly indie label , now wholly owned by polydor a subsidiary of universal music group , started by chris parry in 1978 that is best known as being the home of the cure for over 20 years .	owned	held	operated	known	represented	bought	sold	acquired	produced	established	accounted
the sculpture was made from the same weathering steel as the angel of the north sculpture , which gradually develops a tightly adhering oxide layer as it is exposed to the elements .	gradually	eventually	slowly	steadily	successively	continuously	soon	later	first	also	quickly
valzacchi and annina now offer their services to him .	services	assistance	works	offices	skills	own	studies	duties	names	purposes	salaries
because carbon dioxide is released at a faster rate through the acid-base reaction than through fermentation , breads made by chemical leavening are called quick breads .	released	produced	created	discharged	obtained	distributed	emitted	lost	formed	liberated	freed
as an adult , he was charged with a long list of crimes , including possession of counterfeit money , loitering and prowling , burglary , kidnapping and armed robbery .	loitering	wandering	roaming	stalking	drifting	cheating	tracking	speeding	locating	kidnapping	kidnapping
it was founded where the nascent sydney to melbourne road crossed water in the form of the yass river .	nascent	new	early	first	old	fledgling	original	initial	modern	former	youthful
heights are measured to the structural height , which includes architectural elements , but not communications spires or antennas , per the guidelines of the council on tall buildings and urban habitat .	includes	contains	involves	encompasses	covers	is	comprises	represents	combines	emphasizes	exclude
the dam was completed in 1974 and was designed to store water from the indus river for irrigation and flood control , and for the generation of hydro-electric power .	designed	used	intended	built	created	located	developed	constructed	engineered	configured	defined
xanten is also a popular filming location and the site of many concerts .	site	location	scene	place	seat	destination	subject	venue	name	host	result
loch ness is best known for the alleged sightings of the legendary loch ness monster , also known as `` nessie '' .	legendary	mysterious	local	mythical	original	heroic	fictitious	mythological	youthful	preserved	preserved
security-enhanced linux is a linux feature that provides a mechanism for supporting access control security policies , including u.s. department of defense style mandatory access controls , through the use of linux security modules in the linux kernel .	provides	includes	is	establishes	supports	allows	offers	enables	presents	assists	portrays
it lies on the southern side of lake constance .	lies	is	sits	rests	exists	stands	stays	falls	comes	stretches	curves
the croatia national football team represents the republic of croatia in international football .	represents	is	includes	plays	matches	portrays	hosts	supports	promotes	faces	delegates
it is rare and valuable in finer grades and has been prized as a gem and ornamental stone for thousands of years owing to its unique hue .	hue	color	disposition	coloration	shade	colour	look	clarity	oxidation	complexion	complexion
a tuning fork or electronic tuning device may be used as a reference pitch , though in ensemble rehearsals often a piano is used .	reference	standard	common	nominal	second	test	substitute	real	match	revision	tuning
peter became extratropical on december 11 , and was absorbed by a cold front shortly thereafter .	thereafter	afterwards	afterward	subsequently	after	promptly	beforehand	accordingly	abruptly	concurrently	informally
in 2003 , dushku appeared in wrong turn , a horror film in which she had the starring role , and the kiss , an independent comedy-drama .	appeared	starred	featured	performed	reappeared	played	acted	was	portrayed	debuted	participated
his fighting style is primarily judo but has been modified to fight without the use of a judogi .	primarily	mainly	predominantly	mostly	chiefly	typically	originally	major	also	commonly	predominant
in 1901 , an independent governor was again appointed .	appointed	established	elected	created	recognized	employed	installed	administered	issued	organised	subdivided
the album primarily deals with social issues that the band points on through various songs .	points	works	focuses	lines	views	positions	looks	traces	contributes	finds	rides
a state religion is a religious body or creed officially endorsed by the state .	endorsed	approved	supported	recognized	adopted	sanctioned	sponsored	embraced	mandated	authorized	advocated
it initially was completely dark , but as voyager 2 approached the planet , a bright core developed and can be seen in most of the highest-resolution images .	initially	originally	also	subsequently	previously	briefly	eventually	occasionally	later	individually	thereafter
according to kojiki , the entrance to yomi lies in izumo province and was sealed off by izanagi-no-mikoto upon his flight from yomi , at which time he permanently blocked the entrance by placing a massive boulder at the base of the slope that leads to yomi . upon his return to ashihara-no-nakatsukuni , izanagi noted that yomi is a `` polluted land '' .	placing	putting	locating	positioning	setting	establishing	lodging	obtaining	landing	constructing	installing
its status as an official geological period was ratified in 2004 by the international union of geological sciences , making it the first new geological period declared in 120 years .	ratified	recognized	approved	defined	endorsed	resolved	confirmed	stipulated	concluded	affirmed	clarified
nearby there is the goobang national park , and peak hill which features an open cut mine that can be toured during holidays .	features	is	has	includes	contains	resembles	showcases	represents	houses	affects	spots
good friday , also called holy friday , black friday , or great friday , is a holiday observed primarily by adherents to christianity commemorating the crucifixion of jesus and his death at calvary .	primarily	mainly	mostly	predominantly	commonly	worldwide	chiefly	solely	exclusively	substantially	prominently
as of , it lies at latitude 66 33 39 south of the equator .	lies	is	stands	appears	sits	exists	occurs	stays	falls	resides	rises
during the first boer war , the city was besieged by republican forces in december 1880 and march 1881 .	besieged	siege	evacuated	encircled	fortified	disputed	recaptured	commanded	stormed	contested	stranded
one of the defining aspects of the nintendo gamecube is the rejuvenated relationship between nintendo and its licensees . unlike previous generations in which nintendo was seen by some as bullying its third-party game developers , nintendo openly sought game-development aid on the nintendo gamecube .	rejuvenated	new	unique	current	complex	evolving	original	dynamic	complementary	loving	loving
montgomery county of the u.s. state of maryland is situated just north of washington , d.c. and southwest of baltimore .	situated	located	found	placed	seated	positioned	established	subdivided	distributed	lodged	lombardy
the birthday cake is traditionally highly decorated , and typically covered with lit candles when presented , the number of candles signifying the age of the celebrant .	traditionally	usually	typically	often	commonly	historically	also	generally	structurally	today	formerly
in wales , four church of england dioceses were disestablished in 1920 , becoming separated from the church of england in the process and subsequently becoming the church in wales .	separated	divided	detached	distinct	apart	isolated	independent	estranged	segregated	distant	autonomous
the true cross is the name for physical remnants which , by a christian tradition , are believed to be from the cross upon which jesus was crucified .	remnants	items	traces	fragments	goods	elements	relics	debris	pieces	artifacts	preserves
seafloor spreading occurs at mid-ocean ridges , where new oceanic crust is formed through volcanic activity and then gradually moves away from the ridge .	gradually	eventually	slowly	subsequently	continuously	steadily	rapidly	occasionally	successively	briefly	finally
it reached a peak position of number thirty-seven on the billboard hot modern rock tracks chart .	reached	attained	achieved	held	obtained	entered	peaked	climbed	finished	charted	formed
the shinto pantheon alone consists of an uncountable number of kami .	consists	is	comprises	includes	exists	composed	rests	remains	originates	arises	occurs
business development manager strategic alliances this individual will be responsible for coordinating , negotiating , launching , and managing accuity 's partner relationships .	managing	developing	establishing	operating	creating	promoting	implementing	launching	guiding	analyzing	modifying
it is relatively simple to find lenses which will maintain reasonably good central resolution the central resolution , but thus far , i have not been able to achieve an edge resolution better than about 0.1 mm with `` off the shelf `` lenses .	thus	so	by	hence	thereby	therefore	as	this	however	consequently	accordingly
the calculation is based on the loan 's original principal , so fellows who are not recent graduates , and thus have been making loan payments , are treated the same as new graduates .	thus	who	therefore	which	so	instead	consequently	whom	thereby	have	similarly
thus for example , ophthalmologists will need to know in a given population how many people of a particular age group and/or sex will suffer a retina detachment in the course of a year .	thus	so	then	while	consequently	because	hence	therefore	as	soon	similarly
although he 's pitched 200 innings for the first time since mike had a girlfriend ( 200 innings being 6 more than any met has pitched this season thus far ) , pedro has , again , seemed annoyingly off-balance lately .	thus	so	as	however	hence	by	thereby	since	while	this	musically
grey 's reformist doctrines can thus be seen , not as an attempt to set out on the road to democracy , but as a means to strengthen the power of his own class , the aristocracy .	thus	so	frequently	therefore	consequently	likewise	similarly	accordingly	thereby	fairly	alternatively
a clear imperative thus confronts american progressives -- that intricate ( and frequently fragile ) web of communities comprised of people of color , feminists , gays and lesbians , the poor and working class , as well as ethnic whites who value ethnicity , indeed all who have been systematically disenfrancised and dehumanized under the once ascendant `` traditional values `` of pre-civil rights america .	thus	commonly	then	frequently	presently	briefly	consequently	promptly	similarly	frankly	frankly
we struggle to think of any other minority group in society who would be so easily and conveniently stereotyped and are saddened that law abiding , genuine football supporters of both sexes , all ages and backgrounds who want to stand are thus thought of and portrayed as would be hooligans merely because they prefer to stand .	thus	commonly	frequently	consequently	similarly	typically	likewise	currently	alternately	promptly	accordingly
the kind of control he exercises is thus likely to be limited to `` passive `` control such as inspection of produced goods and testing to insure that quality standards are being met .	thus	therefore	not	thereby	most	so	consequently	likewise	sufficiently	similarly	accordingly
thus they can connect with `` who found them `` .	thus	so	therefore	and	then	hence	now	thereby	/	this	consequently
the experiment also helps us in understanding the language of dreams , and thus begins the process of interpretation .	thus	so	hence	thereby	therefore	this	consequently	accordingly	by	similarly	likewise
going to court : civil trial procedure this pamphlet explains what happens when you go to court about civil cases involving negligence or damages .	civil	criminal	military	common	legal	judicial	human	modern	complex	new	current
with all due respect to our civil authorities and lawmakers , we are called to testify by word and action , to the essential truths of our faith .	civil	legal	legislative	judicial	local	secular	public	political	governmental	military	current
it is contrary to the spirit of civil law , and to the natural working of economic law .	civil	military	economic	human	moral	natural	business	commercial	municipal	corporate	economical
yes , we occasionally get into some heated discussions here , and the language can get a bit colorful at times , but in general , the posters are relatively civil and well-behaved .	civil	clear	good	mild	human	clean	neat	innocent	polite	neutral	humane
lionel , singapore lebanon has overcome all adversities in the past , ranging from civil wars to israeli invasion .	civil	national	world	domestic	revolutionary	guerrilla	local	public	balkan	italian	italian
this means combating corruption , building strong and accountable public sectors which have the necessary staff to deliver vital services , and ensuring that parliaments , civil society , and the media can monitor public spending and act as watchdogs against corruption .	civil	public	human	social	legal	political	judicial	open	legislative	liberal	peasant
truly classy people find a way to be polite , civil and courteous .	civil	neutral	humane	human	temperate	unpleasant	clear	colonial	english	columbian	chesapeake
not just another period piece on germany 's disturbing past , this film should have deep resonance for today 's movie fans who are concerned about civil and human rights .	civil	legal	human	judicial	social	military	freedom	conflict	public	secular	plural
spontaneous gestures are a pie in the face of civil society .	civil	human	modern	social	public	secular	religious	moral	judicial	current	parochial
since civil discourse in our country is increasingly lacking , and the word insanity in this context implies a lack of such civility , how can that be a good thing for anybody or the mark of a great president ? eh , one episode , wha-evuh .	civil	political	human	public	social	liberal	modern	good	judicial	romantic	moral
the different variables defining the optimal state can therefore be seen as intrinsic needs .	therefore	also	thus	often	consequently	now	easily	so	subsequently	accordingly	alternatively
this is not a new phenomenon , but one inherent to capitalism itself and recognised by karl marx who pointed out that `` during its time of circulation capital does not perform the functions of productive capital and therefore produces neither commodities nor surplus-value '' 16 and , circulation proceeds in space and time .	therefore	thus	so	consequently	it	hence	also	ultimately	accordingly	evidently	economically
the terms therefore seek to preclude plaxo from complying with a request by an individual for alteration or deletion of their personal data .	therefore	which	also	that	thus	actually	subsequently	consequently	wrongly	ordered	unsuccessfully
psychologists are not doctors and therefore they can not prescribe medication .	therefore	thus	so	hence	consequently	also	because	however	accordingly	reason	end
labour market deregulation is therefore instrumental in boosting jobs and reducing unemployment .	therefore	also	thus	however	often	consequently	economically	subsequently	equally	extremely	accordingly
you should therefore report the break-in to the police .	therefore	not	also	however	consequently	promptly	immediately	easily	wrongly	subsequently	incorrectly
we therefore oppose the government 's proposals .	therefore	also	may	often	strongly	thus	consistently	consequently	immediately	systematically	hence
this setting exists to prevent accidental 'panning ' on mouse downs that are intended for other actions ( and therefore , prevent unintended changing of the scaling into manual mode ) .	therefore	thus	consequently	so	hence	subsequently	also	accordingly	ultimately	conversely	indirectly
you will therefore permit me to repeat , emphatically , that marley was as dead as a door-nail .	therefore	also	thus	subsequently	consequently	evidently	easily	nevertheless	often	hence	accordingly
they should take note of darius ' admonitions . -- well i think this is ok because they 're part of your race and therefore part of your extended family .	therefore	also	are	a	consequently	so	now	evidently	hence	actually	omega
a subsidiary was floated in the uk , tata tea ( gb ) ltd. , which acquired the controlling interest in the tetley group .	acquired	owned	obtained	held	formed	bought	purchased	gained	occupied	secured	amalgamated
how many times have i caught up with those people several years later , to discover that they have acquired a lifestyle , a car and a mortgage to match their salary , and that their initial ideals have faded to the haziest of memories , which they now dismiss as a post-adolescent fantasy ?	acquired	gained	purchased	obtained	bought	established	earned	attained	formed	accumulated	assembled
thank you for having osiris here . we 've been involved in mesenchymal stem cell , adult stem cell research for about 11 years now . our technology came out of arnie kaplan 's lab and was acquired from case western at that time , and we 've been solely focused in that area since on several applications .	acquired	purchased	bought	obtained	transferred	inherited	gained	graduated	recognized	scattered	distributed
more than 200 of the most significant works acquired by the corning museum of glass during the 1990s , to augment its holdings of 35,000 objects , are featured here .	acquired	obtained	established	purchased	assembled	bought	awarded	adopted	amassed	dispersed	annexed
to understand why this should have been so , we need to look more closely at the nature of the style and its origins .	closely	carefully	broadly	deeply	widely	accurately	tightly	intently	narrowly	precisely	roughly
some people have guessed that this radiation is closely related to a period of intense cold and a high level of ice cover occurring around 600 mya ; perhaps environmental stresses wiped out competitors and created opportunities for a ( relatively ) clever animal to succeed and proliferate .	closely	tightly	intimately	strongly	loosely	remotely	roughly	broadly	narrowly	commonly	centrally
they are working closely with natural tunnel state park , where the staff , eager to have additional housing nearby , have assured the bakers that they will be booked on a regular basis since the demand for housing outweighs supply .	closely	together	strongly	tightly	jointly	regularly	frequently	consistently	locally	densely	coincidentally
the department is also working closely with hm customs and excise who are in the lead on developing the national lorry road user charging scheme .	closely	together	extensively	tightly	directly	jointly	heavily	locally	remotely	separately	broadly
retail : in the u.s. , analysts will be looking closely at third-quarter results .	closely	directly	carefully	tightly	broadly	hard	roughly	widely	narrowly	intently	briefly
their academic careers are closely intertwined with social and political developments such as secularisation and antisemitism .	closely	often	tightly	strongly	loosely	widely	deeply	broadly	narrowly	roughly	securely
`` the baby has developed very normally and has been followed closely .	closely	widely	strongly	frequently	regularly	promptly	cautiously	precisely	broadly	favorably	uniformly
to prevent asthma episodes you will have to work closely with your doctor to : develop a medicine plan that keeps you from getting symptoms .	closely	together	directly	extensively	jointly	tightly	along	successfully	separately	independently	collectively
problems are flagged quickly and , working closely with your staff , we propose solutions .	closely	together	directly	jointly	tightly	extensively	strongly	frequently	collectively	consistently	separately
what women want on a first date ( updated thursday , dec 5 , 2002 , 02:06:55 pm to reflect the 100 most recent valid responses. ) assuming you are a woman , which most closely matches your idea of a great first date ?	closely	loosely	exactly	accurately	precisely	broadly	anxiously	tightly	narrowly	promptly	favorably
`` what meeks did not mention is that guea bought the building from her church , victory apostolic faith church in chicago , where she and her father are prominent members , according to cook county property records and the church 's web site .	prominent	notable	current	leading	distinguished	common	active	influential	commonly	eminent	longtime
among the recipients were prominent journalists and producers , scions of the alternative press , and a smattering of current and former intelligence analysts who often serve as sources in news analyses and articles .	prominent	notable	famous	current	influential	modern	distinguished	successful	controversial	eminent	editorial
update posted at 10:00 am -- permalink back in this post , i reported that the tropicana hotel in las vegas had stopped accepting reservations for after april 15 and that a prominent demolition company had told a reporter that it was studying how to blow up the place .	prominent	local	notable	major	famous	leading	california	conspicuous	recognized	minority	minority
`` evidence is easily found of multipolarity and china 's prominent role in promoting it .	prominent	notable	leading	active	conspicuous	predominant	dominant	eminent	substantial	noticeable	prevalent
reeling from the effects of world war ii , prominent local businessmen led by the visionary archie jewell , purchased the building in 1943 and renovated it to become `` the international house `` , a newly-created non-profit trade association dedicated to world peace , trade and understanding .	prominent	notable	famous	distinguished	leading	eminent	local	numerous	youthful	substantial	substantial
there were five references to crawford : three dealing with his present claims that he lied on behalf of the tobacco companies , one dealing with a property dispute , and another , which identified him as a prominent criminal lawyer , who had been involved in 33 capital cases .	prominent	distinguished	famous	former	leading	notable	successful	senior	common	youthful	plaintiff
expansion of markets , improvement of profit potential , and reduction of cost factors join the enhancement of competitive position as prominent forces moving organizations toward globalization .	prominent	notable	major	important	leading	predominant	influential	substantial	desirable	distinguished	active
i have argued in my previous article for pdf that `` [ f ] or armstrong williams-like bloggers actually paid by campaigns or other political committees to promote or attack a candidate for federal office , prominent and on-the-spot disclosure should be mandated . '' a disclosure on a campaign 's website in a quarterly report after the election deprives voters of valuable information about the possible motivations for an analysis or commentary appearing on a website .	prominent	commonly	fictitious	distorted	independence	consistent	financial	personalities	stylistic	locally	locally
this pattern of bad journalism is a prominent feature of every pro-hoax text and video .	prominent	common	notable	major	dominant	conspicuous	predominant	substantial	commonly	prevalent	persistent
apple vs. microsoft my altavista survey results revealed that `` gates hate `` is more prominent among mac fans than with other groups -- providing a rationale for starting with apple in our examination of the various conflicts listed above .	prominent	common	popular	notable	prevalent	widespread	predominant	frequent	commonly	commonplace	persistent
posted by : robrob at june 23 , 2005 02:04 am where will the greed of corporations intent on rendering skilled american workers obsolete end ?	rendering	making	turning	creating	replacing	obtaining	producing	restoring	becoming	converting	locating
in particular , provision of an alternative route for cyclists should never be regarded as an excuse for rendering the original road or junction unsuitable for cyclists .	rendering	making	obtaining	creating	modifying	providing	restoring	constructing	affecting	converting	resolving
`` this renders necessary a brief review of the position occupied by the administration on this important and vital question .	renders	makes	is	becomes	gives	provides	seems	appears	occurs	arises	exists
spaghettini with mullet roe and grated vegetables , and penne with sundried tomatoes and basil were both full of flavour and pleasantly light , which was lucky as i was almost defeated by an exceptionally tender and tasty lamb shank to follow .	tender	thin	delicate	small	fresh	slender	complex	lean	crisp	valuable	flawed
women usually notice little change in their breasts , but if you are a man , your breasts may become slightly larger and may be tender .	tender	lonely	youthful	pink	feminine	female	misleading	different	mistaken	distracting	distracting
`` i can be very , very strong , but on the other hand , i have very tender sentiments .	tender	gentle	young	romantic	complex	youthful	delicate	sensitive	tiny	median	compassionate
rabbits often feed on young , tender perennial growth as it emerges in spring , or on young transplants .	tender	sweet	fresh	young	loving	youthful	mature	new	sensitive	modern	yielding
the grilled octopus was very tender .	tender	good	rare	old	common	big	cold	dark	messy	thin	thin
cook the rice , covered , over boiling water for about 30 minutes , or until the grains are tender .	tender	white	pink	thin	lean	red	wrinkled	crisp	scarce	reddish	reddish
they feed at that period on the opening buds of maples , and others that are equally tender and juicy .	tender	slender	juicy	soft	lean	young	mature	white	superficial	flexible	deciduous
anne bradstreet 's poetry is so tender and poignant , cotton mather 's preaching is both ornery and passionate , richard baxter 's reformed pastor is one of the classics , and jonathan edwards , is , well , jonathan edwards ( if you consider him a puritan , not everyone does. ) oh , by the way , great article about puritans here .	tender	gentle	delicate	modern	romantic	youthful	mature	dark	sensitive	funny	wry
china , india , latin america and the rest of asia will help grow worldwide demand for electric power by 59 percent over the next two decades . '' the hydrogen economy is based on the idea that fuel cells that run on hydrogen have the potential to replace current energy systems in all forms , from vehicle propulsion to stationary power generation to mobile phone batteries .	worldwide	global	international	the	national	american	local	human	globally	multinational	brazilian
this has been , at times , merely an effort to gain greater public renown for their group or cause , but more troubling have been the groups seeking to push forward al-qaida 's agenda of worldwide terror .	worldwide	global	national	widespread	international	nationwide	multinational	universal	deadly	unified	globally
this is where the information revolution is happening -- and our share of these voices is smaller and smaller -- so america must find way to reach and engage a wider , younger , more diverse worldwide audience .	worldwide	international	live	global	local	online	television	today	foreign	japanese	www
that same thing could happen if we had a manhattan type project focusing on renewables , potential worldwide markets , if we are the leader , and we have every reason to be the leader because we have the biggest problem .	worldwide	global	regional	new	human	local	financial	international	major	open	monetary
at the time of writing , the anti-semitic policies of the soviet union are also a subject of worldwide protest .	worldwide	international	global	national	widespread	nationwide	universal	wide	globally	major	multinational
he suggested building an experimental hypertext ' web ' for the worldwide community of physicists who used cern and its publications .	worldwide	international	global	online	wide	widespread	scientific	multinational	universal	dispersed	remote
furthermore , non-residents can apply to be treated like a resident if his/her income from german sources is either at least 90 percent of his/her worldwide income or his/her non-german source income is less than dm12,000 ( 24,000 for married couples ) .	worldwide	global	international	national	own	nationwide	lifetime	current	total	statewide	overall
after adding the separate partnerships of jlw ireland and jlw scotland , the combined total of our european and north american businesses represented approximately 75 % of worldwide revenue in 1998 , up from approximately 63 % in 1997 .	worldwide	global	american	international	major	us	the	foreign	multinational	overall	merchandise
osis also provides its users with direct , yet protected , access to the internet and its broad range of worldwide open source information resources .	worldwide	global	online	globally	international	nationwide	internationally	wireless	multinational	localized	universally
like maypoles , wreaths too , as she points out , figure in may day as well as summer solstice celebrations . http : //www.schooloftheseasons.com/signssummer.html [ link updated 5/20/02 ] [ added 26 may 2000 ] : this fun page collects worldwide insights from people who write to waverly and comment on how summer begins for them .	worldwide	international	global	local	new	national	regional	caribbean	holiday	longitude	longitude
these functions also use scheduling priority to decide which thread gets to execute when there is contention .	functions	problems	tasks	works	programs	series	programmes	curves	numbers	monitors	utilities
functions of the presidency one way of bringing focus to the presidency is to determine what the functions of the position should be .	functions	problems	features	duties	offices	branches	works	departments	purposes	responsibilities	complications
