"in march 1992 , linux version 0.95 was the first to be capable of running x. this large version number jump was due to a feeling that a version 1.0 with no major missing pieces was imminent ."	pieces	parts	elements	bits	chunks	components	things	sections	fragments	materials	chips
much of the water carried by these streams is diverted .	diverted	used	drawn	lost	produced	returned	collected	released	spilled	dissolved	recycled
"harry also becomes the worthy possessor of the remaining deathly hallows : the invisibility cloak and the resurrection stone , hence becoming the true master of death ."	possessor	owner	master	holder	heir	host	user	property	bearer	owners	carrier
"escapologists escape from handcuffs , straitjackets , cages , coffins , steel boxes , barrels , bags , burning buildings , fish-tanks and other perils , often in combination ."	perils	traps	situations	sites	dangers	hazards	disasters	areas	risks	emergencies	crimes
"the storm continued , crossing the outer banks of north carolina , and retained its strength until june 20 when it became extratropical near newfoundland ."	retained	maintained	held	kept	lost	holding	regained	maintaining	keeping	gained	losing
the convent has been the official residence of the governor of gibraltar since 1728 .	residence	home	house	mansion	office	seat	housing	headquarters	domain	site	driveway
food is procured with its suckers and then crushed using its tough `` beak '' of chitin .	procured	taken	obtained	presented	received	picked	harvested	used	cut	planted	handled
"the united states convened a 13-nation conference of the international opium commission in 1909 in shanghai , china in response to increasing criticism of the opium trade ."	convened	held	hosted	called	organized	formed	summoned	opened	created	ran	staged
photosynthesis is vital for life on earth .	vital	essential	critical	important	crucial	necessary	fundamental	relevant	basic	dear	profound
"dodd simply retained his athletic director position , which he had acquired in 1950 ."	acquired	gained	obtained	received	purchased	inherited	bought	earned	attained	won	gotten
"radiometric dating is a technique used to date materials , usually based on a comparison between the observed abundance of a naturally occurring radioactive isotope and its decay products , using known decay rates ."	abundance	amounts	quantities	presence	concentrations	values	concentration	size	ratio	ratios	proportions
"bacterial contaminants are ubiquitous , and foods left unused too long will often acquire substantial amounts of bacterial colonies and become dangerous to eat , leading to food poisoning ."	substantial	large	significant	heavy	considerable	higher	sufficient	damaging	dangerous	powerful	bulk
"tibooburra has an arid , desert climate with temperatures soaring above 40 celsius in summer , often reaching as high as 47 c ."	arid	extreme	extensive	inland	dry	open	explosive	acute	expansive	extremely	abrupt
"hanna meandered around the southeastern bahamas , weakening to a tropical storm while also dumping heavy rain on already-devastated haiti ."	meandered	moved	ran	went	raced	turned	tracked	curved	rushed	traveled	sailed
"with the high gulf pressures - a ship reported a pressure of 1015.5 millibars less than 60 m from the storm center at the time it was upgraded to a tropical storm - alicia was unable to gain size , staying very small , but generated faster winds , and became a category 1 hurricane on august 16"	generated	produced	created	had	attracted	received	garnered	gained	became	made	spawned
"das rheingold is the first of the four operas that comprise der ring des nibelungen , by richard wagner ."	comprise	constitute	form	make	include	are	contain	become	surround	enter	construct
a frenulum is a small fold of tissue that secures or restricts the motion of a mobile organ in the body .	secures	holds	captures	controls	blocks	anchors	guarantees	restrict	ensures	surrounds	escorts
"helen hunt has been recognized extensively in her career . in 1998 she become the second actress to win a golden globe award , an academy award and an emmy award in the same year ."	career	life	history	profession	work	role	lifetime	biography	position	success	debut
"when wotan refuses to abandon his `` free hero '' , fricka lays bare his self-deception : siegmund is in no sense independent since his fate has been pre-ordained by wotan , who has even indirectly led him to find the magic sword ."	refuses	fails	decides	tries	chooses	attempts	threatens	unwilling	declines	accepts	denies
"the storm never approached land during its lifespan , and no damage or casualties were reported ."	casualties	losses	deaths	injuries	fatalities	symptoms	effects	impacts	abnormalities	developments	survivors
"the purpose of public speaking can range from simply transmitting information , to motivating people to act , to simply telling a story ."	transmitting	receiving	sending	communicating	giving	delivering	broadcasting	passing	distributing	releasing	filtering
"published by tor books , it was released on august 15 , 1994 in hardcover , and in paperback on july 15 , 1997 ."	released	published	launched	made	issued	sold	distributed	out	printed	introduced	born
"in many circumstances , these investments can be less expensive than fossil fuel energy systems ."	circumstances	cases	conditions	situations	times	ways	occasions	contexts	factors	surroundings	environments
"following the death of schidlof from a heart attack in 1987 , the amadeus quartet disbanded ."	disbanded	formed	reunited	reformed	collapsed	ceased	reorganized	departed	quit	declined	faltered
"by 1960 he had developed the short story into a screenplay , and envisaged it as containing a suitable role for monroe ."	envisaged	described	saw	imagined	recognized	proposed	viewed	identified	conceived	interpreted	marketed
"with poor sales of the a340-200 , airbus decided to use the fuselage of the a340-200 with the wings and engines of the a330-300 ."	fuselage	body	chassis	layout	cockpit	structure	platform	form	dashboard	silhouette	torso
"the last event was held on june 11 , 2000 , not to be held again due to the acquisition of wcw by world wrestling federation ."	acquisition	purchase	takeover	sale	absorption	merger	annexation	addition	ownership	consolidation	interception
kowal suggested the name and the iau endorsed it in 1975 .	endorsed	adopted	accepted	approved	supported	recognized	signed	embraced	ratified	rejected	praised
dry air wrapping around the southern periphery of the cyclone eroded most of the deep convection by early on september 12 .	periphery	edge	edges	outskirts	flanks	fringe	apex	corner	rim	boundaries	margin
"brief additional internal links are generally tolerated when used to facilitate communication or to provide general information , but undesirable if seen as canvassing for some purpose ."	tolerated	welcome	accepted	recognized	acceptable	permitted	appreciated	welcomed	trusted	sufficient	legitimate
"alfonso drops the marriage contract in front of the officers , and , when they read it , they become enraged ."	enraged	angry	violent	unhappy	furious	mad	frustrated	outraged	devastated	murderous	hysterical
"the overland expedition , also called the overland relief expedition or point barrow-overland relief expedition , was an expedition in the winter of 1897-1898 by officers of the united states revenue cutter service to save the lives of 265 whalers trapped in the arctic ocean by ice around their ships near point barrow , alaska ."	expedition	operation	effort	mission	project	enterprise	excursion	attempt	adventure	disaster	avalanche
"located on the river pedieos and situated almost in the center of the island , it is the seat of government as well as the main business center ."	situated	located	placed	found	perched	positioned	nestled	formed	hence	mounted	nowadays
"iero thought that it would be difficult to promote the album himself , if released through his own label , with his current obligations to my chemical romance and the other bands signed to his label ."	obligations	commitments	responsibilities	ties	rights	duties	debts	promises	bonds	payments	guarantees
"it has now been determined that europa is a prograde rotator , but the exact direction in which its pole points remains ambiguous ."	ambiguous	unclear	uncertain	vague	unknown	disputed	obscure	unspecified	cryptic	unsure	inconsistent
"the bishops ceded the oversticht to the emperor charles v in 1528 , who styled himself `` lord of overijssel '' , thereby giving the province its modern name ."	ceded	gave	relinquished	transferred	conveyed	surrendered	lost	conceded	yielded	pledged	donated
"many parts of odessa were damaged during its siege and recapture on 10 april 1944 , when the city was finally liberated by the red army ."	siege	attack	assault	capture	bombardment	conquest	blockade	defense	evacuation	surrender	recapture
"the city was first founded by the british in 1827 , who leased the island from spain during the colonial period ."	leased	purchased	got	received	gained	secured	rented	occupied	obtained	ran	licensed
"in reference to the landscape , bush describes a wooded area , intermediate between a shrubland and a forest , generally of dry and nitrogen-poor soil , mostly grassless , thin to thick woody shrubs and bushes , under a sparse canapy of eucalypts ."	sparse	dense	scattered	thin	scarce	lone	loose	shy	few	shaggy	residual
"the theory of incentive compatibility that hurwicz developed changed the way many economists thought about outcomes , explaining why centrally planned economies may fail and how incentives for individuals make a difference in decision making ."	incentives	opportunities	resources	rewards	strategies	efforts	subsidies	bonuses	solutions	contributions	advantages
"the axe , or ax , is an implement that has been used for millennia to shape , split and cut wood , harvest timber , as a weapon and a ceremonial or heraldic symbol . the axe has many forms and specialized uses but generally consists of an axe head with a handle , or helve ."	implement	instrument	object	axe	equipment	element	ax	tool	item	artifact	installation
but critics note that francis galton did not advocate coercion when he defined the principles of eugenics .	advocate	support	consider	emphasize	promote	favor	embrace	approach	mention	oppose	recommend
"after its sale in 1998 , it merged into festival mushroom records ."	merged	incorporated	combined	formed	joined	integrated	dissolved	amalgamated	blended	absorbed	combines
cobra and tango and cash did solid business domestically but overseas they did blockbuster business grossing over $ 100 million in foreign markets and over $ 160 million worldwide .	grossing	earning	raising	for	producing	making	totaling	generating	securing	getting	worth
"triangles can also be classified according to their internal angles , measured here in degrees ."	classified	categorized	grouped	graded	ranked	differentiated	rated	sorted	separated	diagnosed	segregated
"later describing the experience as a `` nightmare , '' she was able to phone joe dimaggio from the clinic , who immediately traveled from florida to new york to facilitate her transfer to the columbia presbyterian medical center , where she remained for three weeks ."	facilitate	promote	allow	assure	assist	manage	ensure	achieve	coordinate	accommodate	receive
"the pennines constitute the main watershed in northern england , dividing the eastern and western parts of the country ."	constitute	form	are	represent	comprise	make	become	provide	possess	compose	retain
"they locate food by smell , using sensors in the tip of their snout , and regularly feast on ants and termites ."	snout	nose	noses	nostrils	beak	heads	muzzle	lance	nosed	abdomen	guinea
"at present it is formed by the aa , which descends from the rigi and enters the southern extremity of the lake ."	extremity	part	end	arm	basin	side	branch	point	shore	reaches	tip
"specialized english operates in the civil society sector , and the developers aspire to make programs for a variety of public service purposes , subject to resources being available ."	aspire	want	aim	strive	tend	seem	try	seek	as	expect	endeavor
"in this case , a relatively large kernel with sophisticated capabilities is adapted to suit an embedded environment ."	sophisticated	modern	complex	advanced	specific	profound	processing	integrated	diversified	penetrating	specialised
this period spanned the years from 1278 through 1288 .	spanned	covered	included	covers	encompasses	traversed	comprised	stretched	encompassed	contained	embraced
"realising that the gang could not elude the police forever , moondyne joe formulated a plan to escape the colony by traveling overland to the colony of south australia ."	elude	escape	evade	avoid	resist	leave	follow	join	satisfy	flee	skirt
"southeastern oklahoma , also known by its official tourism designation , kiamichi country , encompasses the southeastern quarter of the state of oklahoma ."	encompasses	includes	incorporates	is	comprises	spans	covers	exceeds	contains	captures	borders
the a-train family comprises trains for both commuter services and limited express services .	comprises	includes	contains	consists	provides	include	of	constitutes	is	forms	encompasses
"in dna , adenine binds to thymine via two hydrogen bonds to assist in stabilizing the nucleic acid structures ."	binds	connects	bonds	joins	belongs	links	corresponds	ties	reacts	applies	arrives
"in 2001 , unesco inscribed the 2,750-year-old city on the world heritage list as samarkand - crossroads of cultures ."	inscribed	listed	placed	included	recognized	added	entered	identified	include	designated	includes
"radames affirms that aida is the person he will marry , and aida convinces him to flee to the desert with her ."	affirms	says	promises	states	confirms	announces	declares	believes	vows	agrees	guarantees
"like many bolshevik artists , eisenstein envisioned a new society which would subsidize artists totally , freeing them from the confines of bosses and budgets , leaving them absolutely free to create , but budgets and producers were as significant to the soviet film industry as the rest of the world ."	envisioned	imagined	dreamed	proposed	anticipated	conceived	advocated	depicted	assumed	projected	pictured
"forming in the western caribbean sea during the first week of november , hurricane gordon became the twelfth tropical depression , the seventh named tropical storm , and the third hurricane of the 1994 atlantic hurricane season . an erratic , long-lived system which remained a tropical storm for most of its existence , it followed a winding path through the western caribbean and into florida before strengthening into a category 1 hurricane and threatening north carolina ."	erratic	intense	explosive	unstable	unusual	unpredictable	angular	inland	intensive	eccentric	elusive
"the latter means basic or radical change ; whereas reform may be no more than fine tuning , or at most redressing serious wrongs without altering the fundamentals of the system ."	altering	changing	damaging	affecting	improving	violating	disturbing	modifying	influencing	hurting	injuring
"the kyoto protocol was adopted at the third session of the conference of parties to the unfccc in 1997 in kyoto , japan ."	adopted	introduced	enacted	implemented	signed	ratified	passed	drafted	created	accepted	instituted
"from 1885 to 1901 , locomotives stopped at young tank to replenish their water ."	replenish	get	take	give	supply	provide	store	conserve	release	receive	fetch
stone floor tiles tend to be heavier than ceramic tiles and somewhat more prone to breakage during shipment .	prone	susceptible	vulnerable	likely	frequent	exposed	sensitive	dangerous	liable	tolerant	common
"to enjoy qin songs , one must learn to become accustomed to the eccentric style some players may sing their songs to , like in the case of zha fuxi ."	eccentric	unusual	artistic	unconventional	erratic	bizarre	extreme	authoritative	outrageous	extraordinary	outsider
a voluntary association or union is a group of individuals who voluntarily enter into an agreement to form a body to accomplish a purpose .	accomplish	do	achieve	serve	pursue	complete	reach	obtain	realize	assure	convey
"it is the teaching that , as a consequence of the fall of man , every person born into the world is enslaved to the service of sin and , apart from the efficacious or prevenient grace of god , is utterly unable to choose to follow god or choose to accept salvation as it is freely offered ."	efficacious	benevolent	exclusive	satisfactory	universal	irresistible	ultimate	miraculous	inclusive	literal	free
he was kidnapped and held by the notorious pirate peter easton in harbour grace .	notorious	famous	infamous	famed	fictional	alleged	teenage	professional	reputed	outspoken	aka
"as a result of this acquisition and the legal dispute with hearst corporation , mandrakesoft announced that the new company name would be mandriva , and that mandriva linux would be the new name covering products ."	dispute	conflict	battle	relationship	feud	fight	confrontation	struggle	argument	rivalry	breach
"despite almost daily reports of missing property , he was able to evade capture until 15 february , when a man named wimbow , who had been pursuing him with a partner for days , found him in an area of thick brush called liberty plains and shot him ."	evade	avoid	escape	resist	dodge	flee	avoided	deny	pursue	avoiding	ignore
"he was born at plessiel , a hamlet of drucat near abbeville , to a long-established family of picardy , the great-nephew of the painter eustache le sueur ."	hamlet	village	part	town	commune	borough	municipality	parish	community	farmhouse	tributary
the man in the high castle occurs in an alternate universe united states ruled by the victorious axis powers .	alternate	actual	official	intermediate	occult	unofficial	exclusive	unlikely	anarchist	electoral	extreme
their quick acceleration makes them suitable for services with short intervals between stations .	suitable	good	sufficient	useful	appropriate	convenient	adequate	ready	comfortable	fit	fitting
aung san suu kyi returned to burma in 1988 to take care of her ailing mother .	ailing	sick	ill	dying	aging	aged	failing	poor	declining	hospitalized	frail
"progress in developing the tar was hindered by political and economic obstacles throughout the 1960s , 1970s and early 1980s ."	obstacles	problems	difficulties	barriers	opposition	restrictions	challenges	disasters	efforts	hurdles	difficulty
"in 1832 his family emigrated thence to belleville , ontario , where he apprenticed with the printer at the town newspaper , the belleville intelligencer ."	emigrated	moved	migrated	immigrated	came	went	traveled	escaped	arrived	exported	sailed
"ohio state also announced in 2006 , that it would be designating at least $ 110 million of its research efforts to what it termed `` fundamental concerns '' such as research towards a cure for cancer , renewable energy sources and sustainable drinking water supplies ."	fundamental	basic	critical	vital	essential	profound	constitutional	foundation	breakthrough	grassroots	groundbreaking
"long ago , there was a decision by the late former prime minister , rafik hariri , to restore the synagogue and surround it with a garden ."	restore	strengthen	revive	rebuild	transform	regain	repair	improve	integrate	return	renew
"port arthur was also the destination for juvenile convicts , receiving many boys , some as young as nine arrested for stealing toys ."	juvenile	young	teenage	youth	adolescent	youthful	teen	junior	local	urban	horticultural
"notrium is played from a top-down perspective , giving an overhead view of proceedings ."	perspective	view	viewpoint	angle	position	point	projection	vantage	stance	entry	clip
"the international re-formed in 1923 , and was reconstituted again , in its present form , after world war ii ."	reconstituted	dissolved	restored	formed	created	reorganized	incorporated	reinstated	constituted	organized	reunited
the amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .	tributaries	branches	streams	sources	watershed	systems	headwaters	basins	confluence	affluent	forks
the sunnah is seen as crucial to guiding interpretation of the qur ` an .	crucial	essential	important	vital	critical	key	central	fundamental	pivotal	relevant	helpful
"the avesta is the primary collection of sacred texts of zoroastrianism , composed in the avestan language ."	composed	written	produced	created	made	formed	constructed	primarily	founded	drafted	prepared
"typically , the biggest difference between film and stage musicals is the use of lavish background scenery which would be impractical in a theater ."	lavish	dramatic	heavy	rich	expensive	elaborate	extravagant	lush	ornate	costly	generous
"following the hassles ' demise in 1969 , he formed the duo attila with hassles drummer jon small ."	demise	death	departure	collapse	defeat	dissolution	liquidation	resignation	deaths	dismay	dissolve
"there they signed a collective protest , and vowed their newspapers would continue to run ."	vowed	said	promised	hoped	swore	pledged	proclaimed	announced	declared	promising	sworn
"the first amniotes , such as casineria , resembled small lizards and evolved from amphibian reptiliomorphs about 340 million years ago ."	resembled	were	are	like	became	recalled	liked	featured	formed	depicted	comprised
"in 1999 , a world tamil confederation was established to protect and foster tamil culture and further a sense of togetherness amongst tamils in different countries ."	foster	promote	strengthen	develop	create	facilitate	support	restore	revive	integrate	emphasize
"for much of the twentieth century it was used by the queensland government as a settlement for aboriginals considered guilty of such infractions as being " disruptive " , being pregnant to a white man or being born with  " mixed blood " ."	infractions	crimes	violations	offenses	charges	issues	offences	things	abuses	conduct	practices
"historically , in the warm mediterranean and middle eastern climates , the courtyard served to accommodate the large number of worshippers during friday prayers ."	accommodate	support	serve	facilitate	allow	handle	house	provide	carry	contain	harbor
john mccain polled 62.5 % in the 2008 presidential election while 70.9 % of utahns opted for george w. bush in 2004 .	opted	decided	voted	elected	vote	were	chose	picked	voting	settled	nominated
"throughout most of the film , his only true friend , aside from his mother , is the mouse , timothy - a relationship parodying the stereotypical animosity between mice and elephants ."	animosity	relationship	rivalry	violence	romance	friendship	hostility	relationships	love	feud	aggression
"the band is known for its large line-up , which consists of nine members ; including a vocalist , two guitarists , a bassist , two percussionists in addition to a primary drummer , a sampler , and a turntablist ."	vocalist	singer	drummer	bassist	frontman	novelist	narrator	christian	rapper	constable	psychologist
digital signatures are equivalent to traditional handwritten signatures in many respects ; properly implemented digital signatures are more difficult to forge than the handwritten type .	forge	make	produce	mark	create	achieve	sign	improve	replicate	guarantee	mosaic
"his linguistic capacity , thoughts and speeches correspond to those of modern man , including a vast knowledge about history , politics , philosophy and literature ."	vast	large	wide	considerable	tremendous	great	gigantic	widespread	massive	startling	rapid
"recent archaeological evidence may indicate an edomite nation as long ago as the 11th century bc , but the topic is controversial and others argue that the 8th or 9th century dates are correct ."	evidence	findings	material	data	information	materials	testimony	discoveries	finds	activity	sites
triton was revealed to have remarkable active geysers and polar caps .	remarkable	extraordinary	notable	great	amazing	considerable	startling	impressive	exceptional	miraculous	amazingly
"polar bear fur consists of a layer of dense underfur and an outer layer of guard hairs , which appear white to tan but are actually transparent ."	transparent	clear	opaque	yellow	visible	invisible	thick	clearer	yellowish	milky	dispersed
the most common reason for erecting a khachkar was for votive reasons - for the salvation of the soul of either a living or a deceased person .	deceased	dead	departed	dying	died	cremated	living	fallen	interred	committed	childless
"scene 2 : the doctor rushes by the captain in the street , who urges him to slow down ."	urges	encourages	asks	tells	forces	advises	warns	orders	convinces	pushes	commands
warner also set a super bowl record by attempting 45 passes without a single interception .	attempting	trying	making	allowing	failing	completing	landing	seeking	undertaking	initiating	approaching
"a carotenoid dye , crocin , allows saffron to impart a rich golden-yellow hue to dishes and textiles . saffron has further medicinal applications ."	golden-yellow	yellow	red	yellowish	reddish	brownish	crimson	scarlet	metallic	amber	chemical
the revival of lute in the 20th century revitalized the interest of composers in the instruments of the lute family .	revival	resurgence	rise	emergence	use	return	rebirth	recovery	restoration	renaissance	comeback
urepel is a commune in the pyrì©nì©es - atlantiques department in south-western france .	south-western	western	eastern	northwestern	northern	northwest	central	northeastern	west	east	northeast
"geì_lson de carvalho soares or simply geì_lson , is a striker ."	striker	footballer	guitarist	midfielder	goalkeeper	goalscorer	runner	drummer	forward	scorer	batter
"lancelot de carles called her `` beautiful with an elegant figure '' , and a venetian in paris in 1528 also reported that she was said to be beautiful ."	reported	noted	recorded	wrote	said	confirmed	stated	described	told	claimed	commented
"in 2005 , benson collaborated with artist jamie mckelvie on a short story within the image comics collection four letter worlds ."	collaborated	worked	teamed	partnered	appeared	joined	reunited	merged	embarked	assisted	coincided
beaurieux is a commune in the department of aisne in picardy in northern france .	department	district	region	county	area	division	province	valley	arrondissement	direction	commune
he is notable as a performer of australian traditional folk songs in an authentic style .	performer	singer	vocalist	musician	guitarist	player	pianist	practitioner	dancer	saxophonist	soloist
"fired by enthusiasm , tolstoy returned to yasnaya polyana and founded thirteen schools for his serfs ' children , based on ground-breaking libertarian principles tolstoy described in his 1862 essay `` the school at yasnaya polyana '' ."	enthusiasm	excitement	passion	efforts	optimism	encouragement	activity	appetite	emotion	hysteria	ardent
"companies may also take out strike insurance prior to an anticipated strike , to help offset the losses which the strike would cause ."	companies	they	firms	manufacturers	cities	corporations	we	schools	services	systems	stores
"in 2006 , nippon ichi released a sequel called for the playstation 2 , as well as a 12 episode long anime titled makai senki disgaea ."	titled	called	entitled	,	named	dubbed	.	nicknamed	featuring	labeled	name
"the false gharial , also known as the malayan gharial , false gavial , or tomistoma is a fresh-water reptile resembling a crocodile with a very thin and elongated snout , which is thicker than the gharial ."	elongated	long	blunt	short	narrow	triangular	wide	pointed	slender	flattened	tubular
"he held several senior positions in the royal flying corps during world war i , serving as the commander of royal flying corps in france from 1915 to 1917 ."	senior	high	junior	prestigious	higher	prominent	central	subordinate	commanding	powerful	authoritative
"fernando navarro i corbacho is a spanish footballer who currently plays for sevilla fc , as a left defender ."	defender	player	back	winger	midfielder	attacker	footballer	cornerback	democrat	hitter	linebacker
"throughout recorded history , several cosmologies and cosmogonies have been proposed to account for observations of the universe ."	observations	views	studies	findings	appearances	beliefs	discoveries	patterns	insights	assessments	outcomes
saint-montan is a commune in the ardì¬che department in south-eastern france .	department	district	region	division	area	county	commune	province	section	arrondissement	prefecture
"the term is also at times used as a derogatory term for films or sequels of films that are of inferior quality , or are not expected to find financial success ."	derogatory	mocking	general	racist	rough	crude	generic	vulgar	slang	negative	teasing
the hush sound is currently on hiatus .	hiatus	break	pause	hold	vacation	strike	sale	decline	retirement	exile	suspension
"mainstream music denotes music that is familiar and unthreatening to the masses , as for example popular music , pop music , middle of the road music , pop rap or soft rock ; mainstream jazz is generally seen as an evolution of be-bop , which was originally regarded as radical ."	denotes	means	is	describes	indicates	includes	comprises	signifies	implies	contains	brings
edwards attended west buckland school where his potential for the triple jump was spotted at an early age .	potential	talent	capacity	ability	future	gift	promise	prospect	preparation	readiness	flair
"inheriting a collapsing empire and faced with constant warfare during his reign against both the seljuk turks in asia minor and the normans in the western balkans , alexios was able to halt the byzantine decline and begin the military , financial , and territorial recovery known as the `` komnenian restoration '' ."	reign	rule	tenure	kingdom	time	throne	coronation	dynasty	court	realm	campaign
"in the census of 2005 , the population of the banja luka region was at 709,000 residents , predominantly serb ."	residents	people	inhabitants	members	students	persons	citizens	individuals	municipalities	settlers	adults
"monte plata is a province of the dominican republic , and also the name of its capital city . it was split from san cristì_bal in 1992 ."	province	city	municipality	district	county	state	region	town	department	commune	part
it is sent as an http header by a web server to a web browser and then sent back unchanged by the browser each time it accesses that server .	accesses	uses	visits	serves	attacks	enters	reaches	finds	hits	views	meets
"in contrast , the 2007 micropì_dia has roughly 65,000 articles , the vast majority of which contain fewer than 750 words , no references , and no named contributors ."	fewer	more	less	better	greater	smaller	closer	weaker	farther	richer	\
"by 1961 , gordy had appointed robinson vice-president of motown records , a title robinson held for as long as gordy remained with the company ."	remained	stayed	was	were	became	persisted	continued	left	returned	lingered	departed
from 1908 to 1911 he was the principal conductor of the vienna hofoper succeeding gustav mahler ; he retained the conductorship of the vienna philharmonic until 1927 .	retained	held	gained	kept	maintained	received	lost	remained	continued	holds	upheld
"mexican cinnamon hot chocolate is traditionally served alongside a variety of mexican pastries known as pan dulce and , as in spain , churros ."	traditionally	commonly	typically	often	generally	historically	also	usually	predominantly	widely	consequently
slaves were previously introduced by the british and french who colonized the island in the 18th century .	introduced	brought	released	added	established	acquired	imported	sold	reintroduced	obtained	injected
"cholera , sometimes known as asiatic or epidemic cholera , is an infectious gastroenteritis caused by enterotoxin-producing strains of the bacterium vibrio cholerae ."	strains	types	forms	members	cultures	spores	varieties	species	kinds	bacteria	organisms
a hurricane struck dominica and puerto rico between july 22 and july 24 .	struck	hit	reached	formed	touched	impacted	devastated	grazed	threatened	affected	brushed
"in 1975 the old district steinfurt was merged with the district tecklenburg , and together with greven and saerbeck from the former district mì_nster the current district was formed ."	formed	created	established	made	founded	born	constituted	added	started	joined	recreated
"it was discovered by a team of astronomers led by brett j. gladman , et al . in 2003 ."	discovered	found	created	founded	formed	revealed	detected	published	uncovered	reported	diagnosed
"cyanobacteria , also known as blue-green algae , blue-green bacteria or cyanophyta , is a phylum of bacteria that obtain their energy through photosynthesis ."	obtain	get	gain	receive	access	find	acquire	achieve	derive	attain	form
she finally divorced monroe in 1947 and also split with guy .	split	reunited	joined	broke	merged	parted	signed	divorced	married	rejoined	disbanded
crissì© is a commune in the sarthe department in the pays de la loire region in north-western france .	region	area	district	department	province	in	division	part	found	commune	section
"dan pulled in ruth marie as a fifth person in his alliance , but after losing another immunity challenge , sally convinced the la mina men that she was a more valuable player ."	convinced	told	showed	persuaded	assured	taught	got	suggested	reassured	proved	fooled
"greater armenia is an armenian irredentist political goal aimed at uniting with armenia most of the armenian highland , the historical homeland of the armenians since antiquity up until the armenian genocide when they were massacred and forcefully expelled by the ottoman turkish government ."	forcefully	subsequently	brutally	later	violently	officially	pushed	eventually	internally	overwhelmingly	harshly
"lightcurve data for europa has been particularly tricky to interpret , so much so for a long time its period of rotation was in dispute despite numerous observations ."	tricky	difficult	easy	hard	complicated	tough	challenging	simple	delicate	straightforward	colourful
it is typically used for scraping or cutting food before the food enters the esophagus .	scraping	hammering	peeling	blending	smoothing	sampling	sorting	tasting	churning	scaling	coating
"city of faizabad is the headquarters of faizabad district and a municipal board in the state of uttar pradesh , india , situated on the banks of river ghaghra ."	headquarters	center	capital	seat	chief	largest	offices	municipality	mayor	hq	municipalities
the name kalganup is believed to be the noongar word for ` place of many waters ' .	believed	thought	said	understood	reported	known	supposed	purported	feared	assumed	presumed
romano fogli is an italian retired footballer and former manager .	retired	former	professional	born	active	veteran	international	career	deceased	ex	roma
it overwinters in conifer groves .	conifer	pine	large	forest	the	cypress	hardwood	dense	laurel	oak	coffee
"in mid-june 2006 , the slab was crumbling in frequent rockfalls , although it was still being extruded ."	extruded	formed	made	produced	cut	used	constructed	reinforced	created	supported	reused
the billionaire of dismal downs is a scrooge mcduck comic by don rosa . it is the ninth of the original 12 chapters in the series the life and times of scrooge mcduck .	series	book	story	novel	books	title	collection	volume	manga	comic	magazine
"hms guardian set out before the convict ships but struck ice after leaving the cape of good hope , returned to southern africa and was wrecked on the coast ."	returned	went	sailed	came	back	traveled	continued	sent	home	reported	rushed
"the concept of a `` picture element '' dates to the earliest days of television , for example as `` bildpunkt '' in the 1888 german patent of paul nipkow ."	concept	idea	notion	presence	existence	definition	use	theory	character	usage	phenomenon
on 1 october 1983 the pilot project began operations as a full-fledged bank and was renamed the grameen bank to make loans to poor bangladeshis .	full-fledged	national	commercial	large	local	proper	regular	mainstream	public	chartered	functioning
a lesson is a structured period of time where learning is intended to occur .	structured	specific	fixed	defined	regulated	constructed	planned	systematic	documented	contracted	prescribed
it has been suggested that eastern pacific ocean tropical cyclones are formed out of tropical waves that originate in north africa as well .	originate	form	begin	rise	arise	lie	develop	cross	create	center	trail
riel sought to preserve mì©tis rights and culture as their homelands in the northwest came progressively under the canadian sphere of influence .	sought	tried	seeks	attempted	hoped	seeking	fought	desired	attempts	pursued	aimed
"they are characterized by spirituality and metaphysical themes , extremely long takes , lack of conventional dramatic structure and plot , and memorable cinematography ."	cinematography	photography	film	lighting	visuals	imagery	performances	illustrations	shots	filmmaking	demographics
seismograms are essential for measuring earthquakes using the richter scale .	essential	important	fundamental	necessary	critical	vital	used	crucial	helpful	integral	exemplary
"but , from time to time the church hierarchy , and even some popes , have given opinions on various matters ; although these `` guidelines '' are not binding on catholics , many tradition-minded catholics find them persuasive ."	persuasive	effective	helpful	practical	comforting	reassuring	useful	convenient	compelling	convincing	binding
a haunted house is defined as a house that is believed to be a center for supernatural occurrences or paranormal phenomena .	occurrences	activities	phenomena	incidents	experiences	properties	encounters	appearances	instances	practices	performances
"glaciologically , ice age implies the presence of extensive ice sheets in the northern and southern hemispheres ; by this definition we are still in the ice age that began at the start of the pleistocene ."	definition	interpretation	meaning	theory	,	measure	assumption	criteria	criterion	conception	admission
"from scarborough monday to saturdays there is generally an hourly first transpennine express service to york , leeds , manchester piccadilly and liverpool lime street and a two-hourly northern rail service to bridlington , hull and sheffield via the yorkshire coast line ."	generally	usually	normally	typically	also	always	often	commonly	only	frequently	predominantly
"the county is divided into three areas of unorganized territory : dupree , north ziebach , and south ziebach ."	divided	split	separated	subdivided	broken	segregated	fragmented	formed	placed	organized	fractured
"the pittsburgh steelers are a professional american football team based in pittsburgh , pennsylvania ."	based	located	formed	playing	found	operating	headquartered	founded	played	from	named
"during the final immunity challenge , sandra fell out early , allowing jon to try to convince lil to take him to the final two ."	final	last	initial	second	total	ultimate	best	current	highest	semifinal	terminal
"avian influenza virus h3n2 is endemic in pigs in china and has been detected in pigs in vietnam , increasing fears of the emergence of new variant strains ."	detected	found	discovered	confirmed	seen	recorded	caught	diagnosed	spotted	demonstrated	increased
"and though often viewed as a youthful expression of rebellion by the mainstream media , modern punk embodies a range of age groups who generally disagree with the perceived of countercultural principals and it is not uncommon for middle-aged people to form punk houses and resistance movements in the face of what they view as the widespread , unfair exploitation of human and animal rights ."	exploitation	abuse	oppression	plight	repression	mining	confrontation	dismissal	hardship	vulnerability	stimulation
groìùlangheim is a municipality in the district of kitzingen in bavaria in germany .	municipality	town	city	village	community	district	commune	borough	county	hamlet	parish
"he received many awards , among them a posthumous special citation from the pulitzer prize board in 2007 for his `` masterful improvisation , supreme musicianship and iconic centrality to the history of jazz . ''"	received	got	won	accepted	garnered	earned	obtained	gave	gained	collected	achieved
when a fair weather waterspout makes landfall it quickly dissipates as it loses the inflow of warm air into the vortex .	dissipates	fades	sinks	falls	collapses	grows	forms	ends	returns	fade	weaken
"its purpose is to promote free trade and the fluid movement of goods , people , and currency ."	fluid	free	easy	democratic	continuous	open	dynamic	fair	restricted	peaceful	timely
most of the state lies in an area known as tornado alley characterized by frequent interaction between cold and warm air masses producing severe weather .	interaction	encounters	mixing	confrontation	changes	exchanges	collision	contact	association	collisions	combinations
the reservoir has a volume of 4.26 mio m and a surface area of 0.25 km .	reservoir	water	lake	basin	dam	pond	tank	pool	source	crater	catchment
"after receiving the news of the important award , yunus announced that he would use part of his share of the $ 1.4 million award money to create a company to make low-cost , high-nutrition food for the poor ; while the rest would go toward setting up an eye hospital for the poor in bangladesh ."	announced	said	promised	stated	declared	revealed	indicated	confirmed	explained	wrote	commented
"phillip was appointed governor of new south wales , the first european colony on the australian continent , and was the founder of the site which is now the city of sydney ."	appointed	made	elected	named	created	acting	the	commissioned	installed	promoted	constituted
toshiba was founded by the merging of two companies in 1939 .	merging	joining	combining	amalgamation	fusion	consolidation	union	blending	signing	confluence	convergence
"after crossing florida , hurricane hunters indicated a poorly defined circulation , but with winds exceeding tropical storm strength , and the system was designated as tropical storm erika late on august 14 while located 85 miles west of fort myers ."	indicated	noted	found	reported	showed	suggested	confirmed	identified	recorded	revealed	assessed
eucalyptus forests in california have been criticised because they compete with native plants and do not support native animals .	criticised	praised	attacked	blamed	challenged	noted	condemned	questioned	denounced	banned	rated
"after the demise of the whl , however , the stanley cup was awarded exclusively to the nhl playoff champion , and the wales trophy was given to the regular season champion ."	exclusively	solely	primarily	only	directly	entirely	specifically	strictly	predominantly	uniquely	continuously
"it was discovered and opened about the same time as crystal cave , but was closed by the owners in the 1940s ."	discovered	found	created	founded	formed	developed	rediscovered	revealed	uncovered	located	explored
italy purchased the city in 1905 and made mogadishu the capital of italian somaliland .	purchased	acquired	bought	received	sold	obtained	gained	seized	leased	inherited	patented
"sir terence david john pratchett , obe , more commonly known as terry pratchett , is an english novelist , known for his frequently comical work in the fantasy genre ."	novelist	writer	author	poet	cartoonist	narrator	journalist	fiction	fictional	biologist	footballer
students are obligated to attend the central high school .	obligated	required	supposed	allowed	forced	expected	encouraged	going	permitted	bound	committed
the technique consists of precoding the data so as to cancel the effect of the interference .	technique	method	mechanism	procedure	practice	theory	strategy	tactic	discipline	phenomenon	template
"in 1989 , these diversified interests started growing into separate organizations , as the fisheries project became grameen motsho and the irrigation project became grameen krishi ."	organizations	companies	institutions	groups	agencies	efforts	associations	bodies	ngos	networks	offices
"in august 1995 , the ttc suffered its worst subway accident in what it refers to as the russell hill accident , on the yonge-university-spadina line south of st. clair west station ."	suffered	had	experienced	endured	saw	caused	received	sustained	recorded	got	gained
"the short-beaked echidna is an iconic animal in contemporary australia , notably appearing on the australian five-cent piece and on a $ 200 commemorative coin released in 1992 ."	contemporary	western	modern	rural	eastern	current	colonial	southwestern	global	mainstream	coastal
gygax is generally acknowledged as the father of role-playing games .	generally	often	usually	commonly	widely	sometimes	typically	frequently	universally	popularly	broadly
"after 1910 , he spent the remainder of his life in moscow , working in the marfo-mariinsky convent ."	remainder	rest	majority	entirety	bulk	last	latter	duration	continuation	conclusion	renewal
"situated 13 miles southeast of seattle , washington , renton straddles the southeast shore of lake washington ."	situated	located	about	just	at	approximately	found	only	some	roughly	positioned
"in the third book , harry potter and the prisoner of azkaban , rowling uses a time travel premise ."	premise	concept	device	illustration	paradigm	metaphor	narrative	argument	template	backdrop	mantra
yass is a prominent area for raising sheep which produce very fine wool due to the soil and climatic conditions of the yass area .	prominent	famous	large	notable	common	popular	strong	leading	powerful	substantial	prestigious
"annual production of lego bricks averages approximately 20 billion per year , or about 600 pieces per second : if all the lego bricks ever produced were to be divided equally among a world population of six billion , each person would have 62 lego bricks ."	averages	is	exceeds	are	reaches	was	totals	increases	becomes	equals	adds
"historians are undecided if lincoln actually said this line , and in a letter that stowe wrote to her husband a few hours after meeting with lincoln no mention of this comment was made ."	undecided	unsure	uncertain	wondering	doubtful	skeptical	asking	worried	debating	unaware	hesitant
"the interest was so great that developers found themselves advertising the parks rather than their own developments , as the highest prices would exist for the park perceived to be best ."	advertising	selling	marketing	promoting	branding	targeting	describing	opening	suggesting	criticizing	approaching
"it generally consists of a shallow pool of water , usually quite calm ."	generally	usually	typically	commonly	often	mostly	normally	primarily	frequently	consistently	uniformly
a tropical cyclone strikes eastern cuba on september 28 .	strikes	hit	hits	affects	reaches	touches	impacts	form	forms	landfall	damages
the romans believed the fumes produced by burning castoreum could induce an abortion ; paracelsus thought it could be used in the treatment of epilepsy ; and medieval beekeepers used it to increase honey production .	produced	made	created	formed	released	caused	obtained	generated	taken	manufactured	caught
"phosgene can be detected at 0.4 ppm , which is four times the threshold limit value ."	detected	found	discovered	measured	recorded	identified	seen	reported	sensed	diagnosed	spotted
"he invites his sister , may belle to enter terabithia ; she is delighted because she was previously denied any opportunity to enter ."	denied	refused	rejected	granted	without	given	declined	dismissed	blocked	ignored	rejecting
"oat bread was first manufactured in england , where the first oat bread factory was established in 1899 ."	manufactured	made	produced	created	built	introduced	formed	constructed	woven	synthesized	canned
the trans-asian railway is a project to create an integrated freight railway network across europe and asia .	create	make	develop	establish	provide	build	form	become	promote	achieve	construct
"if the object has exactly the same density as the fluid , then its buoyancy equals its weight ."	fluid	material	water	flow	liquid	medium	gas	solvent	container	volume	matrix
they have also been observed in captivity catching spiny dogfish of up to 3-4 feet in length .	observed	seen	found	recorded	reported	noted	spotted	caught	documented	sighted	witnessed
"in mid-november 2008 , president-elect obama and clinton discussed the possibility of her serving as u.s. secretary of state in his administration , and on november 21 , reports indicated that she had accepted the position ."	indicated	showed	said	suggested	stated	announced	shown	revealed	show	confirmed	hinted
"outcast of redwall is a fantasy novel by brian jacques , published in 1995 ."	novel	book	story	fiction	tale	narrative	thriller	text	manuscript	written	paperback
"with the others bailed out for various food items , tom was the last man standing and won immunity ."	various	some	several	different	certain	their	numerous	specific	common	particular	dubious
"thus , on unification day , october 3 , 1990 , the german democratic republic ceased to exist , giving way to five new federal states , and east and west berlin were also unified as a single city , forming a sixth new federal state . the new federal states immediately became parts of the federal republic of germany , so that it was enlarged to include the whole territory of the former east germany ."	territory	land	country	area	state	region	part	space	homeland	border	statehood
"in the opening and middlegame , the king will rarely play an active role in the development of an offensive or defensive position ."	rarely	never	not	usually	often	seldom	sometimes	commonly	frequently	hardly	few
the most troublesome situation usually occurs with short journeys from west to east .	troublesome	difficult	dangerous	serious	problematic	severe	fearful	critical	explosive	threatening	hostile
"barnes & noble , inc. is the largest book retailer in the united states , operating mainly through its barnes & noble booksellers chain of bookstores headquartered in lower fifth avenue in lower manhattan , new york city ."	headquartered	located	founded	based	,	found	centered	situated	anchored	concentrated	incorporated
hurricane-force wind gusts were reported in new england .	hurricane-force	strong	no	wind	storm	high	maximum	strength	strongest	gust	fast
spain and luxembourg currently have bourbon monarchs .	currently	also	still	already	thus	typically	both	previously	officially	each	individually
"the toys are similar to many other small plush toys , however , each webkinz toy has an attached tag with a unique `` secret code '' printed on it that allows access to the `` webkinz world '' website ."	unique	single	special	peculiar	distinct	specific	distinctive	certain	particular	singular	lone
jamie farr is an american television and film actor and popular game show panelist .	panelist	host	player	commentator	guest	contestant	writer	speaker	author	columnist	narrator
"however , the availability of suitable habitat is critical : forest must be neither too old nor too young ."	availability	presence	supply	lack	absence	existence	appearance	accessibility	abundance	emergence	occurrence
"he enrolled at papanui high school , then university of canterbury , but for only one year ."	enrolled	studied	was	started	registered	entered	began	arrived	is	continued	boarded
"famous for hosting the annual rose bowl football game and the tournament of roses parade , pasadena is the home of many leading scientific and cultural institutions , including the california institute of technology , pasadena city college , the jet propulsion laboratory , art center college of design , the pasadena playhouse , california school of culinary arts pasadena , the norton simon museum of art and the pacific asia museum ."	leading	notable	famous	important	prestigious	prominent	major	premier	renowned	powerful	global
"bunch is a small unincorporated community in southwestern adair county , oklahoma , united states ."	community	area	place	village	town	city	county	settlement	hamlet	municipality	location
the association of virtue with withdrawal from society - and specifically from cities - was a familiar theme in religious literature .	theme	subject	motif	concept	element	topic	idea	issue	tale	problem	trend
"she has three older brothers : aaron , benjamin , and nathaniel , the latter of whom is a model and actor ."	latter	former	last	third	second	youngest	younger	other	neither	lesser	residual
"before meeting the sacramento river , the san joaquin river has two distributary rivers , the old river and the middle river , both of which once were the main channels of the river . due to the bend in the san joaquin river channel at the head of the old river , a significant portion of the san joaquin river flow continues down the old river instead of heading northward along the san joaquin ."	significant	large	substantial	small	major	considerable	notable	certain	sizable	minor	sufficient
"the primary trinity included tinia , uni and menrva ."	primary	main	initial	secondary	tertiary	first	premier	predominant	classical	basic	formal
"tolstoy was born in yasnaya polyana , the family estate in the tula region of russia ."	estate	property	home	mansion	house	farm	seat	residence	plantation	domain	enterprise
the earthquake engineering research institute is a leader in dissemination of earthquake engineering research related information both in the u.s. and globally .	research	scientific	technology	theory	search	medical	radio	r	reform	reading	medicine
"notable former managers of notts county include jimmy sirrel , neil warnock , howard kendall and sam allardyce ."	former	past	previous	current	old	retired	recent	prior	future	longtime	early
"in addition to local research conducted at the radio telescope , parkes scientists have assisted nasa for several missions as a southern hemisphere relay and communications station ."	assisted	helped	joined	served	aided	supported	accompanied	provided	participated	advised	facilitated
"volcanologists frequently visit volcanoes , especially active ones , to observe volcanic eruptions , collect eruptive products including tephra , rock and lava samples ."	frequently	often	regularly	commonly	typically	generally	rarely	seldom	routinely	readily	widely
"pool , also known as pocket billiards , is the general term for a family of cue sports played on a pool table with six receptacles called pockets along the , into which balls are deposited as the main goal of play ."	receptacles	pockets	areas	holes	spots	places	sections	cushions	compartments	spaces	hands
"he normally appears in a running gag , where he usually suffers unfortunate , nearly always fatal , events ."	unfortunate	terrible	dreadful	unpleasant	disastrous	traumatic	unacceptable	humiliating	unsafe	hideous	inappropriate
most digital media are based on translating analog data into digital data and vice-versa .	translating	converting	changing	rendering	turning	interpreting	copying	encoding	shaping	converts	spitting
"wrestlers portrayed a villain or a hero as they followed a series of events that built tension , and culminated into a wrestling match or series of matches ."	villain	foe	model	minister	pirate	diva	clown	thug	disciple	menace	correspondent
"not to be confused with `` terms '' in colloquial usages , the shortened form of technical terms which are defined within a discipline or speciality field ."	discipline	field	department	division	curriculum	profession	subject	domain	technique	gym	gymnasium
a `` dune field '' is an area covered by extensive sand dunes .	extensive	large	substantial	widespread	expansive	considerable	numerous	frequent	abundant	intensive	enormous
107 camilla is one of the largest main belt asteroids .	largest	biggest	smallest	smaller	few	many	big	heaviest	enormous	oldest	northernmost
"first mentioned by the ancient greek geographer ptolemy , the pre-christian settlement of the saxon people originally covered an area a little more to the northwest , with parts of the southern jutland peninsula , old saxony and small sections of the eastern low countries ."	sections	parts	portions	areas	regions	communities	stretches	sites	tracts	detachments	communes
"jeanne demessieux had a prodigious memory : she had memorized more than 2,500 works , including the complete organ works of johann sebastian bach , cì©sar franck , franz liszt , felix mendelssohn and marcel duprì© ."	prodigious	remarkable	wonderful	powerful	strong	fantastic	good	big	notable	famous	unique
"at the end of each season , a series of playoff games are contested among the top six teams in the nfc , consisting of the four division champions and the two other teams with the best win-loss records ."	contested	held	played	fought	made	disputed	formed	hosted	scheduled	given	practiced
veritas and undina would have been the largest fragments of that collision .	fragments	pieces	remnants	parts	members	bodies	components	chunks	relics	casualties	formations
after the partitions of poland in 1794 the area was annexed by prussia .	annexed	acquired	taken	absorbed	gained	invaded	occupied	joined	added	captured	dominated
"the models initially had difficulty predicting the track of the depression and the forecasts from the national hurricane center reflected this , indicating that the depression would move towards texas ."	reflected	expressed	revealed	recorded	showed	reported	indicated	mirrored	said	confirmed	reinforced
"a british nobleman , lord stanhope , took an interest in hauser and gained custody of him late in 1831 ."	gained	acquired	regained	got	obtained	won	attained	received	achieved	became	secured
"simon phillip cowell is an english music executive , television producer and entrepreneur ."	entrepreneur	businessman	philanthropist	inventor	author	founder	activist	developer	pioneer	investor	proprietor
the remnants of the depression persisted until 2 am edt at which time it was absorbed by a warm front .	absorbed	enveloped	formed	replaced	joined	received	swallowed	acquired	merged	met	integrated
"a good measure of notability is whether someone has been featured in multiple , independent , reliable sources ."	multiple	numerous	many	several	various	local	single	primary	separate	simultaneous	consecutive
"it originally aired on the fox network in the united states on october 10 , 1991 ."	aired	premiered	debuted	appeared	ran	broadcast	originated	started	launched	broadcasts	began
religious law is explicitly based on religious precepts .	precepts	principles	beliefs	law	scriptures	traditions	properties	doctrines	views	claims	convictions
"the principal greenhouse , in an art nouveau style with a modern metallic structure , resembles the mid-19th century crystal palace in london ."	resembles	like	suggests	is	echoes	depicts	recalls	rivals	mentions	joins	references
"metlink , formerly the met , is the marketing body and umbrella brand for public train , tram and bus transport operators in greater melbourne , victoria , australia ."	brand	label	name	logo	mark	franchise	term	sponsor	trademark	banner	tag
"on april 9 , 1919 , miss marcella sherwood , who supervised the mission day school for girls was bicycling round the city to close her schools when she was assaulted by a mob in a narrow street , the kucha kurrichhan , was beaten and left wounded ."	assaulted	attacked	beaten	raped	hit	ambushed	invaded	battered	overwhelmed	punched	sacked
"schoenberg refused , saying `` i would only make you a bad schoenberg , and you 're such a good gershwin already . ''"	refused	declined	replied	rejected	protested	answered	denied	resigned	appealed	objected	disagreed
"however media outlets soon found ways around the ban , initially by the use of subtitles , but later and more commonly by the use of an actor reading his words over the images of him speaking ."	initially	first	largely	originally	mainly	particularly	generally	primarily	immediately	firstly	predominantly
"however , the new king , louis xviii , knew that ideas of nationalism and democracy still lingered in his country ; hence the establishment and signing of the charte constitutionnelle franì¤aise , the french constitution otherwise known as la charte ."	hence	despite	thus	indeed	namely	particularly	see	notwithstanding	whereby	concerning	principally
in 1873 mine employers attempted to introduce saturday afternoon and sunday shifts .	attempted	tried	managed	began	sought	failed	intended	hoped	trying	struggled	efforts
"he then settled in the avon valley , one of the most rugged and inaccessible places in the darling range ."	inaccessible	isolated	remote	difficult	accessible	rural	uninhabited	challenging	obscure	lonely	impoverished
"the central planets are firmly under alliance control , but the outlying planets and moons resemble the 19th century american west , with little governmental authority ."	outlying	neighboring	other	rural	nearby	external	surrounding	southwestern	unincorporated	residual	affiliated
"in 1639 , williams established a baptist church in providence , rhode island , and clarke began a baptist church in newport , rhode island ."	established	founded	created	started	began	formed	built	found	organized	opened	planted
"while each edition of windows 2000 was targeted to a different market , they share a core set of features , including many system utilities such as the microsoft management console and standard system administration applications ."	core	common	basic	central	full	critical	primary	fundamental	similar	complementary	grassroots
"the first conflict between the british and the marathas was the first anglo-maratha war which began in 1774 and resulted in the 1782 treaty of salbai , by which the island of salsette , adjacent to bombay island , was ceded to the british , while bharuch was ceded to the maratha ruler scindia ."	adjacent	near	close	next	opposite	closest	neighboring	attached	located	closer	affiliated
openoffice.org calc is the spreadsheet component of the openoffice.org software package .	component	part	portion	element	member	version	feature	section	branch	constituent	integration
"the countess tells him it is only susanna , trying on her wedding dress ."	tells	informs	told	asks	warns	says	convinces	reveals	shows	assure	confesses
"early representations of the balalaika show it with anywhere from two to six strings , which resembles certain central asian instruments ."	representations	illustrations	depictions	examples	pictures	paintings	depiction	versions	descriptions	performances	carvings
additional praise was given to its scope and future potential based on user-created content ; minor criticism was reserved for specific elements of the gameplay mechanics and level creation facilities .	elements	parts	aspects	features	areas	issues	characteristics	themes	principles	traits	ideas
"loamhedge is a fantasy novel by brian jacques , published in 2003 ."	published	written	released	printed	republished	appearing	reprinted	produced	issued	launched	novel
"the eastern orthodox church accepts psalm 151 as canonical . roman catholics , protestants , and most jews consider it apocryphal ."	consider	think	regard	find	call	believe	label	see	view	classify	deemed
he aided the doukhobors in migrating to canada .	aided	assisted	helped	supported	led	facilitated	encouraged	guided	enabled	benefited	assists
"it is a permissive license , meaning that it permits reuse within proprietary software on the condition that the license is distributed with that software . the license is also gpl-compatible , meaning that the gpl permits combination and redistribution with software that uses the mit license ."	permits	allows	enables	encourages	supports	prohibits	facilitates	controls	grants	privileges	invites
"the battalion is usually part of a regiment , group or a brigade , depending on the organizational model used by that service ."	usually	typically	often	generally	commonly	a	normally	rarely	always	the	sometimes
"intense feelings of resentment trigger the initial retaliation , which causes the other party to feel equally aggrieved and vengeful ."	retaliation	response	confrontation	revenge	reaction	backlash	counterattack	reply	outrage	rivalry	repression
gravitational energy is the energy associated with the gravitational field .	associated	connected	related	corresponding	affiliated	linked	correlated	involved	shared	attributed	compatible
"the dead body of a human is referred to as a cadaver , or corpse ."	human	man	person	female	woman	child	mortal	christian	male	vampire	civilian
marshal manuel deodoro da fonseca became the first president of the republic of brazil after heading a military coup that deposed emperor pedro ii .	coup	rebellion	revolt	revolution	junta	plot	attack	operation	conspiracy	uprising	struggle
"slipknot is a heavy metal band formed by vocalist and percussionist anders colsefni , guitarists donnie steele and josh `` gnar '' brainard , bassist paul gray , drummer joey jordison and percussionist shawn crahan , in des moines , iowa ."	formed	founded	created	started	established	made	composed	constituted	joined	begun	performed
"the most recent goaltender to have scored a goal by deliberately shooting the puck into his opponents ' net was evgeni nabokov , in 2002 ."	deliberately	simply	intentionally	merely	precisely	purposely	forcefully	truly	secretly	explicitly	personally
"following the withdrawal of the more powerful class 74 electro-diesels in 1977 , the class 73 is now unique on the british railway network ."	network	system	infrastructure	chain	systems	line	group	grid	landscape	surface	corridor
"upon receiving its classification , the depression consisted of a partially exposed low-level center with deep convection occupying the northeastern semicircle ."	occupying	in	across	over	within	entering	forming	invading	throughout	approaching	assuming
"these notable synagogues include ; the great synagogue of rome , the new synagogue , the leopoldstì_dter tempel , the grand choral synagogue , the great synagogue , the moscow choral synagogue , the great synagogue of florence , the great synagogue , plzen , the great synagogue , the ko ice orthodox synagogue , the novi sad synagogue , the szeged synagogue , the sofia synagogue and the great synagogue of oran ."	notable	famous	significant	prominent	large	great	historic	remarkable	famed	prestigious	considerable
"most of the detainees were captured japanese and italian military personnel , on august 5 , 1944 at least 545 japanese pows attempted a mass breakout from the camp , in perhaps the largest prison escape in world history ."	breakout	escape	release	exit	retreat	exodus	evacuation	uprising	theft	entry	recapture
"vinaigrette is a mixture of salad oil and vinegar , often flavored with herbs , spices , salt , pepper , sugar , and other ingredients ."	ingredients	elements	properties	materials	chemicals	factors	constituents	solutions	additions	acids	nutrients
he supported the building of churches by distributing literature and providing ministers .	distributing	spreading	publishing	producing	writing	delivering	giving	selling	releasing	promoting	printing
"as of the early 21st century , christianity has between 1.5 billion and 2.2 billion adherents ."	adherents	followers	members	people	practitioners	devotees	believers	christians	inhabitants	visitors	converts
"many schools teach children to make sock puppets and then have the children put on shows or plays for the whole school with them , sometimes with all the sock puppets singing ."	singing	playing	crying	dancing	performing	screaming	sang	teaching	chanting	howling	vocals
"the word cereal derives from ceres , the name of the roman goddess of harvest and agriculture ."	derives	comes	is	originates	differs	stems	arises	descends	emerges	rises	springs
"miramax films was last operated by daniel battsek who reported to rich ross , chairman of walt disney studios motion pictures ."	operated	owned	founded	run	managed	controlled	performed	directed	acquired	funded	handled
he is portrayed by mark hamill .	portrayed	played	depicted	created	represented	performed	made	voiced	appeared	filmed	credited
"super smash bros. was developed by hal laboratory , a nintendo second-party developer , during ."	developed	created	made	built	released	designed	produced	conceived	formed	founded	done
the northern and western edges of the cotswolds are marked by steep escarpments down to the severn valley and the warwickshire avon .	escarpments	slopes	steps	cliffs	lines	runs	ridges	drops	routes	trails	deposits
"they renamed the place alcante or alcanatif which means port of salt , due to the old salt industry of phoenicians and romans ."	renamed	called	named	dubbed	call	gave	made	name	became	rebranded	changed
"it was founded in 1964 in hamilton , ontario by canadian hockey player tim horton and jim charade , after an initial venture in hamburger restaurants ."	founded	created	established	started	built	formed	launched	opened	born	incorporated	begun
the annual mean temperature is 25 c ; regional mean temperatures range from 18 c in the heart of the cordillera central to as high as 27 c in arid regions .	annual	yearly	daily	local	overall	average	seasonal	absolute	individual	acute	hourly
epistemology or theory of knowledge is the branch of philosophy concerned with the nature and scope of knowledge .	scope	definition	extent	boundaries	complexity	limitations	breadth	context	concept	validity	implications
the process is termed lichenometry .	termed	called	named	denoted	dubbed	designated	labelled	described	deemed	entitled	baptised
the name `` sea of cortì©s '' is the one preferred by most local residents .	residents	people	inhabitants	communities	neighbors	citizens	municipalities	cities	physicians	practitioners	dwellers
"the 1997 atlantic hurricane season officially began on june 1 , 1997 , and lasted until november 30 , 1997 ."	lasted	persisted	stayed	ran	continued	ended	lingered	went	stretched	endured	intensified
this was the first time in survivor history that the two initial teams were not preselected by the producers .	preselected	picked	created	chosen	formed	considered	kept	produced	nominated	coached	hired
the geological community generally accepts this hypothesis because it best explains sedimentary deposits generally regarded as of glacial origin at tropical paleolatitudes and other enigmatic features in the geological record .	hypothesis	theory	model	conjecture	interpretation	concept	proposal	classification	correlation	doctrine	geology
"the hells angels , at the peak of their ` outlaw ' reputation , corralled lost children ."	corralled	gathered	found	took	released	held	rescued	grabbed	kidnapped	collected	recaptured
the roof of the west stand is corrugated iron this also houses the main television gantry which is accessed from the upper tier seating area by a temporary ladder .	tier	level	deck	stage	floor	triad	truss	layer	element	over	octave
"it gradually decayed into a surface low pressure trough , and developed into two disturbances ; one was centered 290 miles south-southeast of cape cod and another was located 200 miles south of cape hatteras , north carolina ."	gradually	slowly	eventually	then	rapidly	quickly	steadily	soon	progressively	largely	successively
"techno is a form of electronic dance music that emerged in detroit , michigan , us during the mid to late 1980s ."	emerged	developed	began	originated	appeared	arose	started	evolved	formed	flourished	peaked
dhamtour has an average elevation of 1110 metres .	elevation	altitude	height	distance	prominence	temperature	heights	population	volume	topography	ascent
"while in cambrai he collaborated with nicolas grenon on a complete revision of the liturgical musical collection of the cathedral , which included writing an extensive collection of polyphonic music for services ."	included	was	involved	added	created	contained	meant	began	combined	comprised	constituted
"it is also the only one of the former provinces of south africa not to undergo border changes , excluding the incorporation of bantustans ."	excluding	including	without	unlike	minus	preventing	lacking	notwithstanding	prohibiting	sans	inclusive
"nevertheless , until the middle of the 20th century , agriculture dominated the canton ."	nevertheless	however	indeed	therefore	thus	nonetheless	moreover	yet	although	anyway	wrongly
the chain accounted for 22.6 % of all fast food industry revenues in canada in 2005 .	accounted	responsible	made	provided	produced	recorded	contributed	combined	reported	paid	reached
"whatever the truth of the rumors , james required a royal match to preserve the stuart line ."	preserve	protect	restore	maintain	retain	conserve	assure	safeguard	ensure	uphold	save
"in 2005 and 2006 , the bulgarian state railways begin operating desiro trains as part of a 67-million deal with siemens ag for a total of 25 diesel multiple units ."	operating	running	working	using	serving	selling	receiving	functioning	flying	trading	airing
this category contains articles about albums released on island records .	contains	includes	has	features	include	indicates	for	incorporates	represents	serves	lacks
their heaviest defeats in the league were 10 - 1 against fulham in 1963 and 9 - 0 against manchester united in 1995 .	heaviest	biggest	largest	worst	greatest	strongest	deepest	highest	hardest	longest	lowest
"uniquely among mammals , these teeth are continuously replaced throughout life , with new teeth growing at the rear as older teeth fall out from farther forward in the mouth ."	continuously	gradually	steadily	slowly	regularly	rapidly	frequently	always	eventually	completely	mostly
"it is also known as a clothes iron , flat iron , or smoothing iron ."	smoothing	rough	stroking	shaping	paving	squeezing	rendering	gripping	transforming	caressing	restoring
some of the first inhabitants of gili trawangan were from sulawesi who are fishermen and farmers .	inhabitants	residents	citizens	people	settlers	members	natives	colonists	dwellers	occupants	visitors
"thousands of videos exist on youtube of users showing the original video to their friends and taping their reactions , although some videos seem to be staged ."	taping	recording	showing	filming	measuring	documenting	making	discussing	copying	demonstrating	communicating
"however , on 13 april 2008 , before the completion of the initial five years , it was announced that bryce was to become the next governor-general of australia ."	initial	first	original	prior	next	inaugural	early	beginning	immediate	earliest	incoming
"kasem is best known by name as a music historian and disc jockey , most notably as host of the weekly american top 40 radio program from 1970 to 1988 , and again from march 1998 until january 10 , 2004 , when ryan seacrest succeeded him ."	program	series	show	broadcast	format	segment	magazine	report	chart	session	performance
"liriodendron tulipifera , commonly known as the american tulip tree , tulip poplar or yellow poplar , is the western hemisphere representative of the two-species liriodendron genus and the tallest eastern hardwood ."	commonly	also	often	generally	usually	widely	sometimes	frequently	popularly	typically	formally
"another allegation asserts that during the previous year , on saint bartholomew 's day , vlad had 30,000 of the merchants and officials of the transylvanian city of bra ov impaled for breaking his authority ."	asserts	says	denies	claims	states	is	declares	confirms	maintains	emphasizes	attacks
"the result is a region of braided streams , marshes , and lakes the size of belgium ; the seasonal floods make the delta extremely productive for both fishing and agriculture ."	extremely	very	highly	especially	particularly	incredibly	exceptionally	intensely	immensely	unusually	overly
"during one event , german charley attempting to prevent the theft of a racehorse from the coombing park stables was shot to death by mickey bourke ."	prevent	avoid	stop	resist	protect	deter	promote	prohibit	inhibit	assure	ensure
the cheetah hunts by vision rather than by scent .	vision	sight	eyes	eye	view	perception	blindness	image	seeing	blind	sighted
"spun yarns may contain a single type of fiber , or be a blend of various types . combining synthetic fibers with natural fibers is very common ."	various	several	different	many	numerous	certain	some	diverse	considerable	common	lesser
"the character may be speaking his or her thoughts aloud , directly addressing another character , or speaking to the audience , especially the former ."	character	protagonist	actor	player	hero	role	personality	heroine	comic	material	client
"the aar , a tributary of the rhine , is the longest river that both rises and ends entirely within switzerland ."	rises	begins	enters	starts	runs	flows	forms	increases	originates	opens	levels
"the atmosphere was so intense that gì¦ring , in a telephone call that evening , stated : `` there is unbelievable jubilation in austria ."	stated	said	noted	commented	wrote	announced	added	indicated	proclaimed	declared	admitted
"the intent is to display the likeness , personality , and even the mood of the person ."	intent	purpose	goal	aim	desire	objective	idea	focus	ambition	essence	motto
kavirondo is the former name of the region surrounding kavirondo gulf as well as of two native peoples living there under the regime of british east africa .	former	current	previous	past	traditional	present	historic	prior	historical	temporary	singular
"they are a type of reporter gene used in laboratory microbiology , molecular biology , and genetic engineering to indicate the success of a transfection or other procedure meant to introduce foreign dna into a cell ."	indicate	assure	determine	mark	describe	ensure	sign	signal	confirm	predict	reveal
several other hollywood films are also believed to have been inspired by bollywood films .	inspired	influenced	created	produced	made	prompted	based	spurred	founded	formed	modelled
"winchester college was founded in 1382 by william of wykeham , bishop of winchester and chancellor to both edward iii and richard ii , and the first seventy poor scholars entered the school in 1394 ."	scholars	students	fellows	boys	children	pupils	persons	sons	intellectuals	candidates	donors
they consider the period of 1917 to 1991 to have been a period of occupation by the soviet regime which was internationalist and anti-christian .	regime	government	system	state	rule	administration	republic	union	party	revolution	society
microsoft windows includes an implementation of ssl and tls as part of its secure channel package .	implementation	instance	inclusion	integration	interpretation	infrastructure	example	illustration	installation	encoding	endorsement
"he proceeded to the franco-prussian war in 1870 , and , being taken prisoner at vaucouleurs , he remained in french captivity for three months ."	proceeded	went	rushed	succeeded	ventured	replied	participated	ascended	embarked	advanced	penetrated
"pind dadan khan tehsil is a subdivision of jhelum district , punjab , pakistan ."	subdivision	division	part	municipality	tehsil	branch	unit	portion	component	taluka	constituent
"although these reports did not contain any scores or rankings , the evaluation report for paris was considered the most positive , now followed closely by london which had narrowed down most of the gap observed by the initial evaluation in 2004 regarding paris ."	considered	deemed	perhaps	called	arguably	probably	likely	among	recognized	regarded	titled
"the island of ireland lies only 30 k from the southwestern peninsula of kintyre ; norway is 305 k to the east and the faroes , 270 k to the north ."	peninsula	coast	coastline	gulf	corner	point	mainland	end	tip	snout	landfall
men are supposed to come to the mosque wearing loose and clean clothes that do not reveal the shape of the body .	reveal	show	tell	hide	indicate	disclose	reflect	convey	conceal	expose	mention
"the kingdom of the franks under charlemagne was particularly hard-hit by these raiders , who could sail down the seine with near impunity ."	impunity	certainty	violence	ease	success	equality	devastation	speed	abundance	mastery	literacy
"one day , she was given a home in ìðstergì¦tland as a gift by some rich women after she had cured them successfully and treated them ."	successfully	,	completely	well	adequately	quickly	unsuccessfully	rapidly	commercially	readily	poorly
"gumbasia , a 3 minute 34 second short film produced in 1953 , was the first clay animation produced by art clokey , who went on to create the classic series gumby and davy and goliath using the same technique ."	classic	iconic	famous	popular	legendary	film	landmark	pioneering	standard	groundbreaking	masterpiece
"also , the sound of the regional language qawwali can be totally different from that of mainstream qawwali ."	mainstream	classical	standard	the	grassroots	rural	vernacular	commercial	ms	mass	lowland
many people see al jazeera as a more trustworthy source of information than government and foreign channels .	trustworthy	reliable	credible	secure	powerful	precious	valuable	safe	loyal	confident	worthy
"the epping ongar railway operates on a preserved railway along the final section of the old great eastern railway and london underground central line branch line between epping and ongar , with an intermediate station at north weald ."	final	last	initial	following	complete	current	closing	concluding	terminal	ultimate	intermediate
"in the immunity challenge , koror had an early lead , but ulong made a slight comeback ."	slight	strong	quick	faint	weak	considerable	small	minor	few	shaky	weakened
"it is also widely believed that the size and number of connections in the prefrontal cortex relates directly to sentience , as the prefrontal cortex in humans occupies a far larger percentage of the brain than any other animal . as the brain has tripled in size over 5 million years of human evolution , the prefrontal cortex has increased in size sixfold ."	relates	lead	correspond	corresponds	applies	leads	connect	respond	refers	are	regards
"during its boom times , beechworth town boasted a range of industries including , a tannery , jewellers , boot makers , a brewery , blacksmiths , livestock sale yards ."	livestock	cattle	animal	and	animals	sheep	agricultural	stock	veterinary	herd	pastoral
"traditionally , after a long period of consuming gimjang kimchi during the winter , fresh potherbs and vegetables were popular for making kimchi . these kinds of kimchi were not fermented or even stored for long periods of time but were consumed fresh ."	period	time	while	process	term	range	form	stretch	distance	spell	region
still visible throughout former east berlin are the characteristic `` ampelmì_nnchen '' on some pedestrian traffic lights .	characteristic	notable	typical	unique	familiar	distinctive	notorious	colors	relevant	directional	diagnostic
"on 5 february 2007 , apple inc. and apple corps announced a settlement of their trademark dispute under which apple inc. will own all of the trademarks related to `` apple '' and will license certain of those trademarks back to apple corps for their continued use ."	announced	reached	declared	signed	released	unveiled	confirmed	entered	revealed	reported	proclaimed
the head of ornitholestes was relatively small .	relatively	very	comparatively	extremely	fairly	rather	generally	particularly	also	similarly	moderately
"the northern part of the continent , covering much of siberia was also inaccessible to the steppe nomads due to the dense forests and the tundra ."	inaccessible	accessible	vulnerable	dangerous	unavailable	closed	difficult	open	unsafe	navigable	detrimental
"while at trinity he became more focussed on music , for there he met the folk song collector cecil sharp and composer and folk song enthusiast ralph vaughan williams ."	focussed	concentrated	keen	dependent	fixed	concentrating	centred	serious	specialised	restricted	qualified
canadian english is the variety of english used in canada . more than 26 million canadians have some knowledge of english .	variety	form	kind	language	type	style	version	dialect	usage	spelling	grammar
whedon wanted to create something for television that was more character-driven and gritty than most modern science fiction .	create	make	do	produce	write	develop	provide	form	find	have	achieve
"fought on 22 august 1485 , the battle was won by the lancastrians . their leader henry tudor , earl of richmond , became the first english monarch of the tudor dynasty by his victory and subsequent marriage to a yorkist princess ."	monarch	king	ruler	sovereign	emperor	queen	crown	regent	tsar	royalty	dynasty
the books were later adapted into a television series and a feature film .	adapted	made	developed	turned	translated	reworked	expanded	remade	written	produced	edited
"the mtr was immediately popular with residents of hong kong ; as a result , subsequent lines have been built to cover more territory . there are continual debates regarding how and where to expand the mtr network ."	immediately	instantly	already	quickly	very	extremely	initially	instant	easily	unexpectedly	rapidly
"it is bounded by munshiganj district and comilla district on the north , noakhali district , lakshmipur district and barisal district on the south , comilla district on the east , and meghna river , shariatpur district and munshiganj district on the west ."	bounded	surrounded	bordered	formed	enveloped	flanked	confined	enclosed	characterized	cornered	characterised
then we see her deliberately contract cholera and be transferred to hospital .	transferred	sent	moved	taken	rushed	admitted	donated	added	converted	drawn	migrated
"darth maul appears in as the apprentice of sith lord darth sidious who sends him to capture queen padmì© amidala and eliminate the two jedi , qui-gon jinn and obi-wan kenobi ."	capture	seize	take	catch	kidnap	trap	arrest	protect	grab	snatch	grasp
this arrangement provided most of the agricultural labor throughout the middle ages .	provided	supplied	supported	received	gave	furnished	brought	shared	contributed	facilitated	constituted
roadrunner records is a record label that concentrates primarily on heavy metal bands .	concentrates	focuses	focus	focused	focusing	relies	works	operates	specializes	counts	centers
"ashoka did not completely prohibit the killing of animals ; he prohibited gratuitous killings , he advocated restraint in the number that had to be killed for consumption , protected some of them , and in general condemned violent acts against animals , such as castration ."	prohibit	prevent	restrict	forbid	resist	discourage	suppress	permit	require	condemn	exclude
"to reduce space and increase reading speed , virtually all braille books are transcribed in what is known as grade 2 braille , which uses a system of contractions to reduce space and speed the process of reading ."	reduce	save	minimize	decrease	lower	alleviate	shrink	lose	reflect	contain	resist
this is a considerably higher total than that of any other european country .	considerably	significantly	much	substantially	somewhat	further	relatively	dramatically	greatly	comparatively	particularly
"apples require cross-pollination between individuals by insects ; all are self-sterile , and self-pollination is impossible , making pollinating insects essential ."	require	need	must	provide	lack	are	form	demand	seek	consider	resist
a final violent confrontation with police took place at glenrowan .	confrontation	encounter	clash	brawl	showdown	duel	shootout	meeting	breakthrough	breach	collision
"a tropical wave , which had previously spawned tropical depression six , interacted with an upper-level low pressure area to develop an area of deep convection near hispaniola on july 23 , 2003 ."	previously	already	recently	earlier	subsequently	initially	originally	since	also	formerly	currently
other females within the social group may assist in the birthing process and tend to the newborns .	newborns	children	young	babies	baby	infant	infants	youngest	births	orphans	colonies
his reign spanned the years from 809 through 823 .	spanned	covered	included	traversed	stretched	encompasses	reached	encompassed	covers	embraced	crossed
"neem karoli was a life-long adept of bhakti yoga , and encouraged service to others as the highest form of unconditional devotion to god ."	highest	greatest	best	ultimate	finest	lowest	supreme	deepest	utmost	foremost	paramount
fives is a british sport believed to derive from the same origins as many racquet sports .	derive	come	be	originate	have	stem	form	differ	develop	rise	arise
in 1269 it was the seat of a famous battle during the wars of guelphs and ghibellines and in 1479 it was besieged by neapolitan troops .	besieged	attacked	siege	invaded	assaulted	occupied	fortified	stormed	taken	defended	sacked
grì_nberg and fert have received a number of prestigious prizes and awards for their discovery and contributions to the field of spintronics including the 2007 nobel prize in physics .	received	given	won	garnered	earned	gained	obtained	gotten	accepted	attained	achieved
"during their trip , aras and cirie made a pact for the final 2 ; while danielle and terry also conspired for their fate in the game during their time on exile ."	conspired	try	tried	plotted	fought	fight	played	worked	plot	struggle	battled
gorgoneia that decorate the shields of warriors on mid-5th century greek vases are considerably less grotesque and menacing .	menacing	threatening	frightening	sinister	disturbing	fearful	terrifying	scary	ominous	dangerous	seductive
"charon , discovered in 1978 at the united states naval observatory flagstaff station , is the largest satellite of the dwarf planet pluto . following the 2005 discovery of two other natural satellites of pluto , charon may also be referred to as pluto i. the new horizons mission is scheduled to visit charon and pluto in july 2015 ."	satellite	moon	surface	spacecraft	mirror	crater	part	territory	body	sister	hemisphere
"they are typically specified to withstand an impact of 3600 g and temperatures of over 1,000 c ."	typically	usually	generally	commonly	often	also	frequently	individually	currently	primarily	rarely
"if k rei did exist , there is no evidence to suggest that the title tenn was used during the time period to which his reign has been assigned ."	evidence	proof	testimony	reason	indication	information	way	attempt	support	material	literature
"once a flourishing saxon riverport , it lies in the waveney valley and is a popular boating center ."	lies	is	lay	stands	sits	rises	runs	appears	forms	borders	lands
the circuit cost approximately us $ 150 million to construct .	construct	build	create	make	develop	form	establish	provide	obtain	comprise	commence
a page that is a redirect can be moved like any other page .	moved	placed	pushed	changed	removed	transferred	published	migrated	transported	relocated	propelled
"then cogswell asked gallaudet to travel to europe to study methods for teaching deaf students , especially those of the braidwood family in edinburgh , scotland ."	travel	go	move	come	return	fly	journey	ride	head	tour	flee
"he is widely known for his roles as little joe cartwright in bonanza , charles ingalls in little house on the prairie , and jonathan smith in highway to heaven ."	widely	well	best	commonly	generally	most	also	frequently	internationally	universally	readily
"since minamoto no yoritomo launched the shogunate , the true power had been in the hand of the shoguns , who were mistaken several times for the emperors of japan by the chinese government ."	launched	started	created	founded	established	joined	began	formed	reached	entered	commenced
swiss cheese is a generic name common to many countries for several related varieties of cheese which resemble the swiss emmental .	resemble	include	mimic	form	like	shape	recall	join	replicate	feature	simulate
"several of these tropical cyclones have caused deaths or heavy property damage , usually due to flooding caused by rain ."	caused	brought	been	produced	suffered	made	created	led	recorded	generated	reported
"through these feedback processes , the cryosphere plays a significant role in global climate and in climate model response to global change ."	significant	large	major	considerable	substantial	big	critical	notable	powerful	key	vital
about 20 % of patients with acute ischemic colitis may develop a long-term complication known as chronic ischemic colitis .	develop	have	become	form	create	make	get	yield	grow	provide	enter
"fiction records is a uk formerly indie label , now wholly owned by polydor a subsidiary of universal music group , started by chris parry in 1978 that is best known as being the home of the cure for over 20 years ."	owned	held	acquired	operated	bought	purchased	sold	signed	controlled	run	handled
"alexander stepanovich popov was a russian physicist who first demonstrated the practical application of electromagnetic waves , although he did not apply for a patent for his invention ."	demonstrated	showed	described	established	proved	made	discovered	exhibited	illustrated	observed	documented
"in nature , there is a strong evolutionary pressure for animals to blend into their environment or conceal their shape ; for prey animals to avoid predators and for predators to be able to sneak up on prey ."	conceal	hide	reveal	disguise	camouflage	mask	disguised	obscure	covert	uncover	predict
"in switzerland , the constitutional ban on absinthe was repealed in 2000 during an overhaul of the national constitution , although the prohibition was written into ordinary law instead ."	prohibition	law	ban	declaration	constitution	code	preface	prescription	directive	condemnation	usage
"one theory suggests that the source of the name is an ancient finnic language , in which it means `` dark '' and `` turbid '' ."	turbid	yellow	terrible	golden	stormy	violent	despair	evil	mad	fearful	tense
the geological composition of rock and soil dictates the type of shore which is created .	dictates	indicates	defines	is	determine	determines	describes	gives	controls	affects	becomes
"he held the imperial seal and could convene all other viziers to attend to affairs of the state ; the viziers in conference were called `` kubbealt viziers '' in reference to their meeting place , the kubbealt in topkap palace ."	convene	summon	call	get	allow	force	bring	cause	help	permit	expect
"combining their observations with thermal measurements taken in november 2000 , the team estimated the size of the components of the system ."	observations	findings	studies	statistics	investigations	estimates	discoveries	reports	experiences	recordings	assumptions
"many beijing office towers were evacuated , including the building housing the media offices for the organizers of the 2008 summer olympics ."	towers	buildings	cities	blocks	structures	companies	properties	sites	offices	complexes	districts
"the sculpture was made from the same weathering steel as the angel of the north sculpture , which gradually develops a tightly adhering oxide layer as it is exposed to the elements ."	gradually	slowly	rapidly	then	progressively	eventually	continuously	successively	consequently	readily	thus
valzacchi and annina now offer their services to him .	services	efforts	skills	solutions	activities	resources	prayers	careers	medicines	sentiments	salaries
"because carbon dioxide is released at a faster rate through the acid-base reaction than through fermentation , breads made by chemical leavening are called quick breads ."	released	produced	formed	introduced	given	added	created	drawn	available	lost	exposed
"many publications , such as the suikoden world guide and suikoden encyclopedia , exist for the suikoden series , though the majority are only in japanese ."	exist	are	provide	come	account	appear	allow	work	survive	occur	correspond
"as an adult , he was charged with a long list of crimes , including possession of counterfeit money , loitering and prowling , burglary , kidnapping and armed robbery ."	loitering	wandering	stalking	theft	roaming	lying	stealing	looting	fleeing	cheating	intimidation
"most baseball uniforms have the names and uniform numbers of players who wear them , usually on the backs of the uniforms to distinguish players from one other ."	distinguish	separate	differentiate	identify	protect	represent	recognize	contrast	mark	differ	emphasize
it was founded where the nascent sydney to melbourne road crossed water in the form of the yass river .	nascent	new	old	existing	initial	fledgling	first	historic	early	emerging	primary
"heights are measured to the structural height , which includes architectural elements , but not communications spires or antennas , per the guidelines of the council on tall buildings and urban habitat ."	includes	contains	is	has	involves	encompasses	collects	are	exceeds	means	exclude
the decimal separator or decimal point or decimal comma is a symbol used to mark the boundary between the integral and the fractional parts of a decimal number in a positional numeral system .	boundary	border	line	frontier	distance	space	edge	ground	area	interface	margin
"the dam was completed in 1974 and was designed to store water from the indus river for irrigation and flood control , and for the generation of hydro-electric power ."	designed	built	intended	used	meant	created	constructed	developed	planned	supposed	adapted
"particularly , community-building activities that are not strictly `` on topic '' may be allowed , especially when initiated by committed wikipedians with good edit histories ."	initiated	started	implemented	begun	created	undertaken	enacted	introduced	prompted	executed	endorsed
xanten is also a popular filming location and the site of many concerts .	site	venue	location	home	seat	host	scene	house	center	spot	hosting
"a reconnaissance aircraft flight into the system on september 20 reported a well-defined low and strong wind gusts in squalls as the system tracked into the northeastern gulf of mexico , along with limited and disorganized thunderstorm activity ."	tracked	moved	ran	went	headed	raced	continued	climbed	rode	paced	projected
"in electronics , a voltage divider is a simple linear circuit that produces an output voltage that is a fraction of its input voltage . voltage division refers to the partitioning of a voltage among the components of the divider ."	produces	generates	gives	makes	creates	has	yields	outputs	delivers	offers	forms
the cynics were an influential group of philosophers from the ancient school of cynicism .	influential	important	eminent	active	innovative	notable	authoritative	prominent	eclectic	enthusiastic	effective
"arche belongs to the carme group , made up of irregular retrograde moons orbiting jupiter at a distance ranging between 23 and 24 gm and at an inclination of about 165 ."	irregular	unusual	eccentric	unstable	regular	lunar	chaotic	turbulent	erratic	unofficial	elliptical
"loch ness is best known for the alleged sightings of the legendary loch ness monster , also known as `` nessie '' ."	legendary	famous	notorious	infamous	famed	mythological	popular	great	mythical	mysterious	folklore
"typically , a fast shutter speed will require a larger aperture to ensure sufficient light exposure , and a slow shutter speed will require a smaller aperture to avoid excessive exposure ."	avoid	prevent	minimize	resist	remove	escape	eliminate	exclude	evade	achieve	assure
"railways now bypass the three major falls , and much of the trade of central africa passes along the river , including copper , palm oil , sugar , coffee , and cotton ."	bypass	pass	avoid	reach	serve	approach	access	handle	leave	skirt	traverse
"security-enhanced linux is a linux feature that provides a mechanism for supporting access control security policies , including u.s. department of defense style mandatory access controls , through the use of linux security modules in the linux kernel ."	provides	gives	offers	includes	creates	is	supports	allows	serves	incorporates	adds
"johns and williams would have spent the next seven months working on a government work party in the local area , before being transferred to millbank prison ."	transferred	sent	moved	taken	returned	added	removed	released	admitted	shipped	relegated
it lies on the southern side of lake constance .	lies	is	stands	sits	rises	comes	appears	belongs	runs	borders	occurs
"an england batting collapse resulted in an innings defeat , denying bradman the opportunity to bat again and so his career average finished at 99.94 ; if he had scored just four runs in his last innings , it would have been 100 . a story developed over the years that claimed bradman missed the ball because of tears in his eyes , a claim bradman denied for the rest of his life ."	resulted	led	culminated	ended	followed	turned	produced	concluded	finished	formed	materialized
the croatia national football team represents the republic of croatia in international football .	represents	is	for	of	recognizes	supports	includes	has	hosts	helps	champions
"then , on august 15 , 1971 , united states president richard nixon announced that the united states dollar would no longer be convertible to gold , effectively ending the bretton woods system ."	convertible	equivalent	equal	fixed	susceptible	given	correlated	weighted	stable	cheap	literal
"after holding the title for just over a month , they dropped them to john cena and batista on the august 4 episode of raw ."	dropped	lost	gave	slipped	changed	passed	sold	dumped	lowered	released	abandoned
"in general relativity , the effects of gravitation are ascribed to spacetime curvature instead of a force ."	ascribed	attributed	due	likened	linked	applied	led	reduced	said	relative	relegated
it is rare and valuable in finer grades and has been prized as a gem and ornamental stone for thousands of years owing to its unique hue .	hue	color	properties	qualities	characteristics	appearance	colors	traits	attributes	transparency	brilliance
"for adam baldwin , who grew up watching westerns , the role of jayne cobb was particularly resonant ."	resonant	strong	powerful	effective	popular	expressive	compelling	vital	demanding	realistic	convincing
"the sonata did not enter the mainstream repertoire , but it has been more recently championed by such pianists as marc-andr ì© hamelin ."	championed	praised	favoured	appreciated	promoted	endorsed	lauded	embraced	highlighted	showcased	unearthed
"a tuning fork or electronic tuning device may be used as a reference pitch , though in ensemble rehearsals often a piano is used ."	reference	standard	relative	similar	common	second	correct	supplementary	reliable	bench	criterion
"peter became extratropical on december 11 , and was absorbed by a cold front shortly thereafter ."	thereafter	afterwards	after	afterward	subsequently	beforehand	before	whereupon	following	consequently	nonetheless
"in 2003 , dushku appeared in wrong turn , a horror film in which she had the starring role , and the kiss , an independent comedy-drama ."	appeared	was	starred	featured	performed	debuted	acted	played	participated	is	worked
his fighting style is primarily judo but has been modified to fight without the use of a judogi .	primarily	predominantly	mainly	mostly	largely	typically	solely	also	predominant	basically	fundamentally
"in 1901 , an independent governor was again appointed ."	appointed	elected	installed	named	hired	made	nominated	created	confirmed	employed	recruited
the album primarily deals with social issues that the band points on through various songs .	points	touches	lines	focuses	marks	draws	centers	looks	finds	sees	sights
"ganymede and callisto , at their maximum separation , are the likeliest targets for potential naked-eye observation ."	potential	possible	future	likely	proposed	suspected	prospective	theoretical	probable	possibly	hypothetical
word processing templates enable the ability to bypass the initial setup and configuration time necessary to create standardized documents such as a resume .	enable	provide	allow	assure	include	facilitate	afford	incorporate	permit	improve	imply
a state religion is a religious body or creed officially endorsed by the state .	endorsed	supported	recognized	approved	backed	sponsored	signed	sanctioned	advocated	embraced	issued
"the cibf was founded by the general egyptian book organisation , a government publishers and retailers group , in 1969 to coincide with celebrations of the 1000th anniversary of the founding of the city of cairo ."	founding	establishment	creation	inception	formation	incorporation	opening	building	forming	birth	signing
"it initially was completely dark , but as voyager 2 approached the planet , a bright core developed and can be seen in most of the highest-resolution images ."	initially	originally	already	previously	first	immediately	generally	ultimately	itself	overall	individually
a perfectly elastic collision is defined as one in which there is no loss of kinetic energy in the collision . an inelastic collision is one in which part of the kinetic energy is changed to some other form of energy in the collision .	kinetic	potential	internal	an	dynamic	physical	thermal	the	external	mechanical	impact
"problems may arise particularly with disposable soft lenses ; if the surface tension between the lens and the finger is too great the lens may turn itself inside out ; alternatively it may fold itself in half . when the lens first contacts the eye , a brief period of irritation may ensue as the eye acclimatizes to the lens and also as dirt on the lens irritates the eye ."	irritation	discomfort	agony	suffering	pain	impatience	annoyance	tension	frustration	torment	complaint
"mary toft , also spelled tofts , was an english woman from godalming , surrey , who in 1726 became the subject of considerable controversy when she tricked doctors into believing that she had given birth to rabbits ."	controversy	debate	criticism	scandal	dispute	publicity	discussion	notoriety	scandals	embarrassment	discomfort
"sdlp leader john hume , mp , identified the possibility that a negotiated settlement might be possible and began secret talks with adams in 1988 ."	identified	recognized	indicated	described	recognised	discovered	found	diagnosed	assessed	uncovered	accepted
"a brief stint on go kart records saw the release of `` fly the flag '' , and now with their latest release of `` windward tides and wayward sails '' in 2003 finds them on union label group ."	latest	newest	recent	new	current	newer	breakthrough	southern	chief	newfound	southernmost
it is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of union sportive du foyer de la rì©gie abidjan-niger .	matches	games	,	events	fixtures	activities	meetings	competitions	appearances	meets	applications
"for the next several weeks , kozlov was interviewed on wwe programming , proclaiming his love for `` double double e '' but also began drawing a villainous response after declaring his superiority over whatever wrestlers were competing at the time , saying `` i could beat both of them . ''"	villainous	strong	positive	vicious	powerful	hostile	brave	terrible	horrible	negative	tough
"according to kojiki , the entrance to yomi lies in izumo province and was sealed off by izanagi-no-mikoto upon his flight from yomi , at which time he permanently blocked the entrance by placing a massive boulder at the base of the slope that leads to yomi . upon his return to ashihara-no-nakatsukuni , izanagi noted that yomi is a `` polluted land '' ."	placing	creating	adding	burying	removing	positioning	setting	installing	forming	constructing	establishing
"the rice plants in the strain can be bred to other rice strains or cultivars , and if desirable plants are produced , these are further bred to stabilize the desirable traits ; the stabilized plants that can be propagated and `` come true '' are given a cultivar name and released into production to be used by farmers ."	bred	grown	compared	used	planted	matched	mated	found	traded	related	sent
"due to their fast growth , the foremost benefit of these trees is their wood ."	foremost	chief	primary	principal	biggest	premier	sole	largest	paramount	predominant	prima
"its status as an official geological period was ratified in 2004 by the international union of geological sciences , making it the first new geological period declared in 120 years ."	ratified	recognized	signed	confirmed	approved	adopted	finalized	endorsed	implemented	notified	received
"more specifically , the term stratus is used to describe flat , hazy , featureless clouds of low altitude varying in color from dark gray to nearly white . a `` cloudy day '' usually features a sky filled with stratus clouds obscuring the disk of the sun ."	featureless	white	stationary	dusty	opaque	dry	continuous	dense	homogeneous	barren	forming
"nuremberg was then an important and prosperous city , a center for publishing and many luxury trades ."	prosperous	flourishing	wealthy	thriving	affluent	successful	powerful	vibrant	brave	booming	confident
super mario 64 is also characterized by featuring more puzzles than earlier mario games .	puzzles	mysteries	clues	challenges	graphics	solutions	secrets	colors	keys	resolutions	hooks
their escapades earned them a cover shot and a nude pictorial in a playboy spread .	pictorial	glossy	illustration	layout	silhouette	thriller	parlor	contest	masterpiece	headline	centennial
"in 1971 , she witnessed the impoverished conditions of the trash collectors in cairo , egypt , and decided to live among them ."	witnessed	saw	observed	seen	reported	experienced	encountered	noticed	caught	demonstrated	spotted
"nearby there is the goobang national park , and peak hill which features an open cut mine that can be toured during holidays ."	features	has	is	includes	contains	hosts	houses	incorporates	boasts	showcases	signifies
"good friday , also called holy friday , black friday , or great friday , is a holiday observed primarily by adherents to christianity commemorating the crucifixion of jesus and his death at calvary ."	primarily	only	mostly	predominantly	solely	mainly	largely	exclusively	typically	particularly	chiefly
"as of , it lies at latitude 66 33 39 south of the equator ."	lies	is	sits	stands	rises	comes	appears	lands	occurs	arrives	borders
"along with herculaneum , its sister city , pompeii was destroyed , and completely buried , during a long catastrophic eruption of the volcano mount vesuvius spanning two days in 79 ad ."	eruption	collapse	explosion	outburst	event	burst	ascent	expansion	crater	evacuation	vent
"human interference has nearly exterminated them in many areas , and , except for the beech forests of the austrian alps , forests of deciduous trees are rarely found ."	rarely	seldom	never	not	frequently	hardly	commonly	few	poorly	barely	scarcely
"nakì¼m won , and yaxhìá was instructed to find a new campsite ."	instructed	told	asked	advised	encouraged	directed	sent	urged	dispatched	taught	tasked
the sheer weight of the continental icecap sitting on top of lake vostok is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration .	contribute	add	lead	help	cause	join	provide	be	correspond	belong	respond
"the album peaked at number 10 on the u.s. billboard 200 chart , selling 48,397 copies in its first week of release ; it was eventually certified gold by the riaa in 2008 ."	certified	recorded	awarded	graded	recognized	released	labeled	ranked	accredited	rated	deemed
the adjacent town of gzhatsk was renamed gagarin in 1968 in his honor .	adjacent	nearby	neighboring	surrounding	entire	neighbouring	rural	corresponding	bordering	closest	eponymous
"at backlash , benoit retained the world title , after he forced michaels to submit to the sharpshooter ."	forced	caused	compelled	allowed	prompted	helped	pressured	induced	convinced	made	commanded
"during the first boer war , the city was besieged by republican forces in december 1880 and march 1881 ."	besieged	attacked	siege	stormed	assaulted	fortified	threatened	invaded	defended	raided	raped
"one of the defining aspects of the nintendo gamecube is the rejuvenated relationship between nintendo and its licensees . unlike previous generations in which nintendo was seen by some as bullying its third-party game developers , nintendo openly sought game-development aid on the nintendo gamecube ."	rejuvenated	renewed	unique	improved	continuing	strengthened	historic	dynamic	respectful	inclusive	supportive
none of your watched items were edited in the time period displayed .	edited	included	added	used	archived	played	cut	corrected	incorporated	distorted	mirrored
"originally made for the apple ii , they were later ported to other platforms ."	ported	converted	transferred	adapted	translated	migrated	added	sent	released	upgraded	localized
his work is displayed in the museum of modern art in yerevan .	displayed	shown	exhibited	featured	showcased	preserved	found	present	visible	located	stored
"he was a prolific discoverer of asteroids , discovering 122 in all , from 136 austria in 1874 to 1073 gellivara in 1923 ."	discovering	finding	found	producing	naming	locating	writing	publishing	detecting	measuring	mining
"males usually weigh about 500 lbs , but very large & old specimens can reach up to 2000 lbs ."	specimens	examples	trunks	forms	minerals	genera	buds	strains	mg	occurrences	doses
"it was used to signify those who appreciated austen in the `` wrong '' way and the term , according to lynch , is `` now used almost exclusively about and against other people '' ."	signify	indicate	describe	mark	represent	promote	emphasize	denote	assure	name	identify
a committee of the institute appoints the laureates for the nobel prize in physiology or medicine .	laureates	winners	nominees	finalists	candidates	prizes	recipients	writers	nominations	competitors	losers
"montgomery county of the u.s. state of maryland is situated just north of washington , d.c. and southwest of baltimore ."	situated	located	found	nestled	placed	positioned	formed	also	perched	at	indeed
"this spelling was later corrupted to ouisconsin by other french explorers , and over time this version became the french name for both the wisconsin river and the surrounding lands ."	version	form	word	model	area	variation	variant	shape	translation	spelling	rendition
"several people required rescue assistance , and in comal county a car accident caused three fatalities ."	caused	produced	made	brought	created	led	triggered	gave	prompted	generated	formed
"schigolch removes the body while geschwitz contemplates suicide , an idea she gives up when she realizes that lulu will not be moved by it ."	removes	takes	destroys	receives	steals	leaves	accepts	collects	controls	abuses	extracts
"anti-tank dogs were dogs taught to carry explosives to tanks , armored vehicles and other military targets ."	targets	sites	goals	weapons	objectives	areas	obstacles	structures	marks	fortifications	mines
"a historic organ was installed in it by the austrian firm rieger , in 1907 ."	installed	placed	built	created	put	mounted	added	made	introduced	implemented	planted
"the birthday cake is traditionally highly decorated , and typically covered with lit candles when presented , the number of candles signifying the age of the celebrant ."	traditionally	often	typically	usually	generally	historically	particularly	commonly	notably	relatively	famously
"he secured a top post at the vienna state opera in 1943 , eventually becoming music director ."	secured	gained	obtained	earned	reached	received	attained	clinched	won	got	grabbed
"the family - mother , father , old woman , young man , baby , and dog - are attempting to eat pieces of metal , such as chains , bicycle handlebars , and rifles ."	attempting	trying	going	struggling	seeking	failing	beginning	working	refusing	managing	undertaking
"in wales , four church of england dioceses were disestablished in 1920 , becoming separated from the church of england in the process and subsequently becoming the church in wales ."	separated	independent	apart	distinct	segregated	split	different	estranged	detached	isolated	parted
"in the 19th century and the first part of the 20th , baseball shoes were commonly black in color ."	commonly	generally	often	usually	typically	frequently	nearly	mostly	widely	rarely	relatively
hydrostatic equilibrium occurs when compression due to gravity is balanced by a pressure gradient which creates a pressure gradient force in the opposite direction .	compression	pressure	force	expansion	displacement	strength	gravity	transport	lift	swelling	concentration
"the true cross is the name for physical remnants which , by a christian tradition , are believed to be from the cross upon which jesus was crucified ."	remnants	elements	properties	relics	fragments	articles	traces	items	findings	residues	shards
"seafloor spreading occurs at mid-ocean ridges , where new oceanic crust is formed through volcanic activity and then gradually moves away from the ridge ."	gradually	slowly	rapidly	quickly	eventually	steadily	progressively	generally	then	successively	readily
in 1887 the school relocated to the east lake community of birmingham .	relocated	moved	transferred	removed	returned	went	migrated	came	located	transitioned	affiliated
"some han chinese believe they share common ancestors , mythically ascribed to the patriarchs yellow emperor and yan emperor , some thousands of years ago ."	mythically	often	sometimes	usually	traditionally	falsely	wrongly	allegedly	supposedly	possibly	critically
"simms works alongside co-host and designer daniel kucan to redecorate a room of a home in just two days and with only $ 2,500 ."	redecorate	decorate	create	make	design	transform	paint	improve	restore	color	remake
"pikachu is among the most recognizable pokì©mon , largely because a pikachu is a central character in the pokì©mon anime series . pikachu is widely considered the most popular pokì©mon , is regarded as the official mascot of the pokì©mon franchise , and has become an icon of japanese culture in recent years ."	considered	regarded	deemed	recognized	likely	known	thought	called	ranked	rated	titled
harvey became a strong extratropical storm during the night on august 8 and survived another few days before dissipating northwest of the azores on august 14 .	survived	endured	stayed	lived	sustained	lasted	recovered	continued	persisted	battled	recorded
"in response to the weather system , the american national weather service issued wind watches for the oregon coast ."	response	answer	reaction	contrast	reference	addition	reply	regard	submission	recognition	testimony
it reached a peak position of number thirty-seven on the billboard hot modern rock tracks chart .	reached	achieved	attained	had	made	received	got	held	recorded	entered	peaked
"pskov is an ancient city located in the north-west of russia about east from the estonian border , on the velikaya river ."	located	found	situated	,	founded	centered	formed	built	discovered	established	placed
the major scale may predominate the minor scale in western music because of its unique harmonic properties ; in particular the major third is much stronger in the harmonic series than the minor third .	particular	general	which	fact	instance	such	example	addition	,	practice	regard
"so impressed was rostropovich with his young pupil that at the end of her study with him , he declared her `` the only cellist of the younger generation that could equal and overtake own achievement . ''"	declared	called	said	proclaimed	made	named	deemed	pronounced	described	termed	labeled
"the marriage was marked from the outset by sexual passion and emotional insensitivity when tolstoy , on the eve of their marriage , gave her his diaries detailing his extensive sexual past and the fact that one of the serfs on his estate had borne him a son ."	outset	beginning	start	onset	inception	earliest	commencement	foundations	commencing	embryo	rehearsals
"born as alfons karg , he was trained as a telecommunications technician , but soon became disenchanted with this profession ."	profession	occupation	position	career	practice	job	role	trade	industry	discipline	environment
"some features , however , are reminiscent of the scout movement ."	reminiscent	characteristic	typical	distinctive	indicative	reflective	echoes	representative	symbolic	exemplary	derivative
the shinto pantheon alone consists of an uncountable number of kami .	consists	is	boasts	comprises	composed	has	exists	holds	speaks	counts	makes
this message earned saddam a great deal of popularity in many sectors of the arab world .	sectors	parts	areas	regions	countries	districts	quarters	places	aspects	categories	demographics
