"in march 1992 , linux version 0.95 was the first to be capable of running x. this large version number jump was due to a feeling that a version 1.0 with no major missing pieces was imminent ."	pieces	parts	components	features	elements	bits	chunks	sections	details	code	chips
much of the water carried by these streams is diverted .	diverted	wasted	transferred	reclaimed	pumped	routed	derived	converted	recycled	displaced	reserved
"harry also becomes the worthy possessor of the remaining deathly hallows : the invisibility cloak and the resurrection stone , hence becoming the true master of death ."	possessor	owner	master	host	proprietor	recipient	holder	successor	bearer	inventor	tenant
"escapologists escape from handcuffs , straitjackets , cages , coffins , steel boxes , barrels , bags , burning buildings , fish-tanks and other perils , often in combination ."	perils	dangers	types	difficulties	risks	devices	methods	situations	traps	complications	escapes
"the storm continued , crossing the outer banks of north carolina , and retained its strength until june 20 when it became extratropical near newfoundland ."	retained	maintained	held	kept	remained	sustained	continued	preserved	regained	exhibited	conserved
the convent has been the official residence of the governor of gibraltar since 1728 .	residence	home	house	seat	palace	mansion	housing	property	possession	haven	pursuit
food is procured with its suckers and then crushed using its tough `` beak '' of chitin .	procured	obtained	secured	acquired	picked	prepared	gathered	plucked	selected	derived	harvested
"the united states convened a 13-nation conference of the international opium commission in 1909 in shanghai , china in response to increasing criticism of the opium trade ."	convened	summoned	hosted	held	assembled	chaired	presided	scheduled	commissioned	petitioned	formulated
photosynthesis is vital for life on earth .	vital	essential	critical	important	crucial	necessary	fundamental	basic	significant	relevant	beneficial
"dodd simply retained his athletic director position , which he had acquired in 1950 ."	acquired	obtained	gained	purchased	attained	bought	secured	earned	accumulated	established	amassed
"radiometric dating is a technique used to date materials , usually based on a comparison between the observed abundance of a naturally occurring radioactive isotope and its decay products , using known decay rates ."	abundance	amount	quantity	amounts	concentration	prevalence	population	occurrence	accumulation	concentrations	availability
"bacterial contaminants are ubiquitous , and foods left unused too long will often acquire substantial amounts of bacterial colonies and become dangerous to eat , leading to food poisoning ."	substantial	large	significant	massive	considerable	sizable	sufficient	extensive	certain	excessive	heavy
"tibooburra has an arid , desert climate with temperatures soaring above 40 celsius in summer , often reaching as high as 47 c ."	arid	dry	extreme	ancient	desert	open	old	alternative	harsh	exotic	alternate
"hanna meandered around the southeastern bahamas , weakening to a tropical storm while also dumping heavy rain on already-devastated haiti ."	meandered	drifted	wandered	travelled	traveled	continued	floated	moved	raced	curved	tracked
"with the high gulf pressures - a ship reported a pressure of 1015.5 millibars less than 60 m from the storm center at the time it was upgraded to a tropical storm - alicia was unable to gain size , staying very small , but generated faster winds , and became a category 1 hurricane on august 16"	generated	produced	created	provided	gave	attracted	caused	producing	had	manufactured	charged
"das rheingold is the first of the four operas that comprise der ring des nibelungen , by richard wagner ."	comprise	constitute	contain	form	collect	consist	construct	encompass	assemble	consume	aggregate
a frenulum is a small fold of tissue that secures or restricts the motion of a mobile organ in the body .	secures	supports	holds	prevents	ensures	facilitates	protects	maintains	guarantees	helps	confines
"helen hunt has been recognized extensively in her career . in 1998 she become the second actress to win a golden globe award , an academy award and an emmy award in the same year ."	career	life	work	history	lifetime	profession	success	year	retirement	period	comeback
"when wotan refuses to abandon his `` free hero '' , fricka lays bare his self-deception : siegmund is in no sense independent since his fate has been pre-ordained by wotan , who has even indirectly led him to find the magic sword ."	refuses	decides	agrees	continues	threatens	insists	declines	leaves	accepts	demands	yields
"the storm never approached land during its lifespan , and no damage or casualties were reported ."	casualties	deaths	losses	fatalities	injuries	civilians	incidents	survivors	ratings	attendants	memorials
"the purpose of public speaking can range from simply transmitting information , to motivating people to act , to simply telling a story ."	transmitting	sending	providing	communicating	broadcasting	delivering	distributing	displaying	presenting	passing	conducting
"published by tor books , it was released on august 15 , 1994 in hardcover , and in paperback on july 15 , 1997 ."	released	published	issued	announced	opened	launched	sold	out	written	available	discovered
"in many circumstances , these investments can be less expensive than fossil fuel energy systems ."	circumstances	situations	conditions	cases	occasions	instances	times	contexts	scenarios	environments	surroundings
"following the death of schidlof from a heart attack in 1987 , the amadeus quartet disbanded ."	disbanded	formed	retired	ceased	reformed	resigned	cancelled	faltered	divorced	terminated	contracted
"by 1960 he had developed the short story into a screenplay , and envisaged it as containing a suitable role for monroe ."	envisaged	regarded	intended	identified	imagined	anticipated	realised	indicated	contemplated	arranged	examined
"with poor sales of the a340-200 , airbus decided to use the fuselage of the a340-200 with the wings and engines of the a330-300 ."	fuselage	body	chassis	layout	hull	platform	frame	structure	cockpit	backbone	fabric
"the last event was held on june 11 , 2000 , not to be held again due to the acquisition of wcw by world wrestling federation ."	acquisition	purchase	ownership	absorption	takeover	merger	administration	unification	owner	interception	enrollment
kowal suggested the name and the iau endorsed it in 1975 .	endorsed	approved	supported	adopted	accepted	sanctioned	sponsored	backed	ratified	upheld	accredited
dry air wrapping around the southern periphery of the cyclone eroded most of the deep convection by early on september 12 .	periphery	edges	edge	fringe	rim	outskirts	quadrant	radius	coastline	heartland	verge
"brief additional internal links are generally tolerated when used to facilitate communication or to provide general information , but undesirable if seen as canvassing for some purpose ."	tolerated	allowed	permitted	acceptable	accepted	desirable	encouraged	useful	welcome	beneficial	welcomed
"alfonso drops the marriage contract in front of the officers , and , when they read it , they become enraged ."	enraged	angry	furious	angered	outraged	agitated	impatient	alarmed	aggravated	appalled	crazed
"the overland expedition , also called the overland relief expedition or point barrow-overland relief expedition , was an expedition in the winter of 1897-1898 by officers of the united states revenue cutter service to save the lives of 265 whalers trapped in the arctic ocean by ice around their ships near point barrow , alaska ."	expedition	mission	effort	operation	campaign	enterprise	voyage	excursion	attempt	affair	trip
"located on the river pedieos and situated almost in the center of the island , it is the seat of government as well as the main business center ."	situated	located	positioned	placed	centred	constructed	erected	nowadays	lodged	constituted	disposed
"iero thought that it would be difficult to promote the album himself , if released through his own label , with his current obligations to my chemical romance and the other bands signed to his label ."	obligations	commitments	duties	responsibilities	commitment	ties	requirements	debts	contracts	allegiance	payments
"it has now been determined that europa is a prograde rotator , but the exact direction in which its pole points remains ambiguous ."	ambiguous	unclear	vague	uncertain	unknown	obscure	unspecified	oblique	undisclosed	cryptic	elusive
"the bishops ceded the oversticht to the emperor charles v in 1528 , who styled himself `` lord of overijssel '' , thereby giving the province its modern name ."	ceded	surrendered	granted	conceded	donated	transferred	pledged	leased	relinquished	bequeathed	yielded
"many parts of odessa were damaged during its siege and recapture on 10 april 1944 , when the city was finally liberated by the red army ."	siege	bombardment	blockade	garrison	capture	defence	campaign	rescue	conquest	surrender	recapture
"the city was first founded by the british in 1827 , who leased the island from spain during the colonial period ."	leased	occupied	rented	took	contracted	licensed	obtained	reclaimed	rent	appropriated	sampled
"in reference to the landscape , bush describes a wooded area , intermediate between a shrubland and a forest , generally of dry and nitrogen-poor soil , mostly grassless , thin to thick woody shrubs and bushes , under a sparse canapy of eucalypts ."	sparse	dense	thick	thin	low	scarce	soft	loose	scattered	coarse	faint
"the theory of incentive compatibility that hurwicz developed changed the way many economists thought about outcomes , explaining why centrally planned economies may fail and how incentives for individuals make a difference in decision making ."	incentives	rewards	opportunities	outcomes	subsidies	alternatives	activities	institutions	advantages	interventions	attractions
"the axe , or ax , is an implement that has been used for millennia to shape , split and cut wood , harvest timber , as a weapon and a ceremonial or heraldic symbol . the axe has many forms and specialized uses but generally consists of an axe head with a handle , or helve ."	implement	instrument	object	axe	expression	equipment	tool	attribute	article	item	apparatus
but critics note that francis galton did not advocate coercion when he defined the principles of eugenics .	advocate	support	encourage	oppose	associate	propose	employ	embrace	outlaw	offer	affiliate
"after its sale in 1998 , it merged into festival mushroom records ."	merged	amalgamated	changed	combined	integrated	consolidated	folded	developed	linked	joined	mixed
cobra and tango and cash did solid business domestically but overseas they did blockbuster business grossing over $ 100 million in foreign markets and over $ 160 million worldwide .	grossing	earning	totaling	scoring	netting	costing	averaging	securing	purchasing	investing	billing
"triangles can also be classified according to their internal angles , measured here in degrees ."	classified	categorized	grouped	subdivided	described	divided	listed	differentiated	regarded	graded	categories
"later describing the experience as a `` nightmare , '' she was able to phone joe dimaggio from the clinic , who immediately traveled from florida to new york to facilitate her transfer to the columbia presbyterian medical center , where she remained for three weeks ."	facilitate	coordinate	ensure	accommodate	achieve	secure	permit	ease	confirm	prompt	schedule
"the pennines constitute the main watershed in northern england , dividing the eastern and western parts of the country ."	constitute	form	represent	are	comprise	provide	compose	occupy	encompass	denote	commence
"they locate food by smell , using sensors in the tip of their snout , and regularly feast on ants and termites ."	snout	nose	tail	noses	beak	tails	muzzle	skull	forehead	nostrils	hood
"at present it is formed by the aa , which descends from the rigi and enters the southern extremity of the lake ."	extremity	end	part	arm	edge	side	boundary	angle	limit	point	tip
"specialized english operates in the civil society sector , and the developers aspire to make programs for a variety of public service purposes , subject to resources being available ."	aspire	aim	strive	afford	attempt	undertake	as	claim	endeavor	pose	endeavour
"in this case , a relatively large kernel with sophisticated capabilities is adapted to suit an embedded environment ."	sophisticated	advanced	complex	modern	specialized	complicated	refined	elaborate	precise	specialist	rigorous
this period spanned the years from 1278 through 1288 .	spanned	encompassed	covered	embraced	stretched	reached	started	merged	crossed	wiped	leapt
"realising that the gang could not elude the police forever , moondyne joe formulated a plan to escape the colony by traveling overland to the colony of south australia ."	elude	escape	avoid	evade	flee	dodge	escaped	el	satisfy	eva	ignore
"southeastern oklahoma , also known by its official tourism designation , kiamichi country , encompasses the southeastern quarter of the state of oklahoma ."	encompasses	comprises	contains	covers	constitutes	incorporates	is	occupies	addresses	spans	surrounds
the a-train family comprises trains for both commuter services and limited express services .	comprises	includes	consists	encompasses	contains	provides	involves	denotes	employs	occupies	constitutes
"in dna , adenine binds to thymine via two hydrogen bonds to assist in stabilizing the nucleic acid structures ."	binds	connects	bonds	holds	joins	ties	belongs	coordinates	maps	attracts	commits
"in 2001 , unesco inscribed the 2,750-year-old city on the world heritage list as samarkand - crossroads of cultures ."	inscribed	listed	designated	engraved	bestowed	incorporated	assigned	honored	enlisted	denoted	incurred
"radames affirms that aida is the person he will marry , and aida convinces him to flee to the desert with her ."	affirms	agrees	confirms	insists	accepts	asserts	declares	maintains	states	acknowledges	announces
"like many bolshevik artists , eisenstein envisioned a new society which would subsidize artists totally , freeing them from the confines of bosses and budgets , leaving them absolutely free to create , but budgets and producers were as significant to the soviet film industry as the rest of the world ."	envisioned	dreamed	imagined	conceived	depicted	anticipated	intended	expected	inhabited	contemplated	projected
"forming in the western caribbean sea during the first week of november , hurricane gordon became the twelfth tropical depression , the seventh named tropical storm , and the third hurricane of the 1994 atlantic hurricane season . an erratic , long-lived system which remained a tropical storm for most of its existence , it followed a winding path through the western caribbean and into florida before strengthening into a category 1 hurricane and threatening north carolina ."	erratic	unusual	irregular	eccentric	unpredictable	uncertain	intermittent	unstable	unreliable	elusive	unconventional
"the latter means basic or radical change ; whereas reform may be no more than fine tuning , or at most redressing serious wrongs without altering the fundamentals of the system ."	altering	changing	affecting	modifying	improving	disturbing	increasing	violating	manipulating	shifting	enhancing
"the kyoto protocol was adopted at the third session of the conference of parties to the unfccc in 1997 in kyoto , japan ."	adopted	approved	established	accepted	enacted	passed	ratified	agreed	taken	endorsed	issued
"from 1885 to 1901 , locomotives stopped at young tank to replenish their water ."	replenish	supply	conserve	store	maintain	reserve	keep	provide	feed	exercise	update
stone floor tiles tend to be heavier than ceramic tiles and somewhat more prone to breakage during shipment .	prone	susceptible	likely	resistant	frequent	common	costly	unlikely	liable	robust	hazard
"to enjoy qin songs , one must learn to become accustomed to the eccentric style some players may sing their songs to , like in the case of zha fuxi ."	eccentric	unusual	different	unconventional	particular	eclectic	musical	bizarre	strange	informal	erratic
a voluntary association or union is a group of individuals who voluntarily enter into an agreement to form a body to accomplish a purpose .	accomplish	achieve	fulfill	serve	implement	pursue	attain	perform	realize	obtain	satisfy
"it is the teaching that , as a consequence of the fall of man , every person born into the world is enslaved to the service of sin and , apart from the efficacious or prevenient grace of god , is utterly unable to choose to follow god or choose to accept salvation as it is freely offered ."	efficacious	adequate	irresistible	actual	benevolent	extraordinary	abundant	exemplary	e	immense	inclusive
he was kidnapped and held by the notorious pirate peter easton in harbour grace .	notorious	famous	infamous	famed	legendary	ruthless	reputed	treacherous	vicious	outlawed	titular
"as a result of this acquisition and the legal dispute with hearst corporation , mandrakesoft announced that the new company name would be mandriva , and that mandriva linux would be the new name covering products ."	dispute	conflict	fight	battle	settlement	argument	claim	controversy	struggle	contest	feud
"despite almost daily reports of missing property , he was able to evade capture until 15 february , when a man named wimbow , who had been pursuing him with a partner for days , found him in an area of thick brush called liberty plains and shot him ."	evade	avoid	escape	dodge	resist	flee	escaped	pursue	avoided	avoiding	avoids
"he was born at plessiel , a hamlet of drucat near abbeville , to a long-established family of picardy , the great-nephew of the painter eustache le sueur ."	hamlet	village	part	parish	town	settlement	chapel	locality	portion	borough	community
the man in the high castle occurs in an alternate universe united states ruled by the victorious axis powers .	alternate	original	extended	parallel	extra	actual	inner	inter	early	anti	expanded
their quick acceleration makes them suitable for services with short intervals between stations .	suitable	useful	appropriate	popular	convenient	sufficient	compatible	fitting	attractive	pleasant	favourable
aung san suu kyi returned to burma in 1988 to take care of her ailing mother .	ailing	sick	dying	ill	elderly	injured	aged	old	growing	struggling	ai
"progress in developing the tar was hindered by political and economic obstacles throughout the 1960s , 1970s and early 1980s ."	obstacles	difficulties	barriers	restrictions	challenges	hurdles	opportunities	opposition	objectives	opponents	avenues
"in 1832 his family emigrated thence to belleville , ontario , where he apprenticed with the printer at the town newspaper , the belleville intelligencer ."	emigrated	immigrated	moved	migrated	relocated	fled	removed	escaped	proceeded	and	exported
"ohio state also announced in 2006 , that it would be designating at least $ 110 million of its research efforts to what it termed `` fundamental concerns '' such as research towards a cure for cancer , renewable energy sources and sustainable drinking water supplies ."	fundamental	basic	major	essential	vital	core	general	foundation	global	profound	primal
"long ago , there was a decision by the late former prime minister , rafik hariri , to restore the synagogue and surround it with a garden ."	restore	rebuild	improve	repair	destroy	revive	recover	regain	return	conserve	remake
"port arthur was also the destination for juvenile convicts , receiving many boys , some as young as nine arrested for stealing toys ."	juvenile	young	youth	teenage	youthful	adolescent	child	criminal	junior	trainee	cadet
"notrium is played from a top-down perspective , giving an overhead view of proceedings ."	perspective	viewpoint	view	angle	position	vantage	trajectory	projection	premise	timeline	chronology
"the international re-formed in 1923 , and was reconstituted again , in its present form , after world war ii ."	reconstituted	reorganized	constituted	reformed	restored	formed	reunited	founded	assembled	gathered	reinstated
the amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .	tributaries	headwaters	basins	sources	derivatives	rivers	satellites	subsidiaries	drains	predecessors	components
the sunnah is seen as crucial to guiding interpretation of the qur ` an .	crucial	key	vital	essential	important	critical	necessary	pivotal	fundamental	decisive	helpful
"the avesta is the primary collection of sacred texts of zoroastrianism , composed in the avestan language ."	composed	written	created	constructed	recorded	published	formed	formulated	constituted	made	scored
"typically , the biggest difference between film and stage musicals is the use of lavish background scenery which would be impractical in a theater ."	lavish	extravagant	elaborate	rich	expensive	large	extensive	lush	heavy	massive	costly
"following the hassles ' demise in 1969 , he formed the duo attila with hassles drummer jon small ."	demise	death	dissolution	breakup	collapse	downfall	formation	fate	termination	resignation	fragmentation
"there they signed a collective protest , and vowed their newspapers would continue to run ."	vowed	promised	said	swore	pledged	decided	wished	promising	sworn	decreed	guaranteed
"the first amniotes , such as casineria , resembled small lizards and evolved from amphibian reptiliomorphs about 340 million years ago ."	resembled	were	like	became	represented	featured	comprised	shaped	appeared	formed	faced
"in 1999 , a world tamil confederation was established to protect and foster tamil culture and further a sense of togetherness amongst tamils in different countries ."	foster	promote	create	strengthen	maintain	stimulate	safeguard	revive	protect	flourish	harness
"for much of the twentieth century it was used by the queensland government as a settlement for aboriginals considered guilty of such infractions as being " disruptive " , being pregnant to a white man or being born with  " mixed blood " ."	infractions	crimes	offenses	offences	violations	acts	charges	actions	things	sins	abuses
"historically , in the warm mediterranean and middle eastern climates , the courtyard served to accommodate the large number of worshippers during friday prayers ."	accommodate	facilitate	support	contain	permit	relocate	harbor	conceal	encompass	shelter	berth
john mccain polled 62.5 % in the 2008 presidential election while 70.9 % of utahns opted for george w. bush in 2004 .	opted	voted	chose	decided	campaigned	preferred	volunteered	voting	participated	accounted	favoured
"throughout most of the film , his only true friend , aside from his mother , is the mouse , timothy - a relationship parodying the stereotypical animosity between mice and elephants ."	animosity	relationship	rivalry	friendship	hostility	conflict	hatred	interaction	sentiment	disdain	aggression
"the band is known for its large line-up , which consists of nine members ; including a vocalist , two guitarists , a bassist , two percussionists in addition to a primary drummer , a sampler , and a turntablist ."	vocalist	singer	drummer	bassist	frontman	soprano	novelist	rapper	performer	narrator	protagonist
digital signatures are equivalent to traditional handwritten signatures in many respects ; properly implemented digital signatures are more difficult to forge than the handwritten type .	forge	produce	break	create	fake	achieve	secure	verify	generate	copy	sign
"his linguistic capacity , thoughts and speeches correspond to those of modern man , including a vast knowledge about history , politics , philosophy and literature ."	vast	large	wide	thorough	broad	great	tremendous	rich	gigantic	considerable	immense
"recent archaeological evidence may indicate an edomite nation as long ago as the 11th century bc , but the topic is controversial and others argue that the 8th or 9th century dates are correct ."	evidence	proof	support	material	information	activity	record	testimony	experience	trace	witness
triton was revealed to have remarkable active geysers and polar caps .	remarkable	both	very	large	several	unusually	extraordinary	notable	numerous	unusual	exceptionally
"polar bear fur consists of a layer of dense underfur and an outer layer of guard hairs , which appear white to tan but are actually transparent ."	transparent	clear	opaque	white	yellow	yellowish	invisible	tinted	clearer	visible	glass
the most common reason for erecting a khachkar was for votive reasons - for the salvation of the soul of either a living or a deceased person .	deceased	dead	died	departed	dying	living	fallen	widowed	retired	committed	childless
"scene 2 : the doctor rushes by the captain in the street , who urges him to slow down ."	urges	tells	encourages	advises	orders	leads	invites	commands	influences	charms	trails
warner also set a super bowl record by attempting 45 passes without a single interception .	attempting	making	trying	completing	failing	appearing	achieving	approaching	covering	executing	initiating
"a carotenoid dye , crocin , allows saffron to impart a rich golden-yellow hue to dishes and textiles . saffron has further medicinal applications ."	golden-yellow	yellow	reddish	red	brown	yellowish	bronze	metallic	blond	floral	horticultural
the revival of lute in the 20th century revitalized the interest of composers in the instruments of the lute family .	revival	resurgence	renaissance	restoration	rebirth	return	recovery	reunion	resort	reissue	salvage
urepel is a commune in the pyrì©nì©es - atlantiques department in south-western france .	south-western	west	western	central	northwestern	the	northern	northwest	french	modern	westward
"geì_lson de carvalho soares or simply geì_lson , is a striker ."	striker	poet	writer	name	pseudonym	brazilian	nickname	rapper	poem	legend	surname
"lancelot de carles called her `` beautiful with an elegant figure '' , and a venetian in paris in 1528 also reported that she was said to be beautiful ."	reported	noted	described	claimed	said	recorded	confirmed	stated	remarked	wrote	predicted
"in 2005 , benson collaborated with artist jamie mckelvie on a short story within the image comics collection four letter worlds ."	collaborated	worked	teamed	partnered	participated	appeared	commissioned	merged	assisted	authored	accompanied
beaurieux is a commune in the department of aisne in picardy in northern france .	department	district	division	region	town	arrondissement	municipality	direction	diocese	ministry	commune
he is notable as a performer of australian traditional folk songs in an authentic style .	performer	singer	vocalist	presenter	player	producer	musician	practitioner	soloist	specialist	participant
"fired by enthusiasm , tolstoy returned to yasnaya polyana and founded thirteen schools for his serfs ' children , based on ground-breaking libertarian principles tolstoy described in his 1862 essay `` the school at yasnaya polyana '' ."	enthusiasm	excitement	passion	ambition	imagination	energy	activity	emotion	motivation	fire	encouragement
"companies may also take out strike insurance prior to an anticipated strike , to help offset the losses which the strike would cause ."	companies	they	businesses	people	firms	we	employers	cities	corporations	manufacturers	systems
"in 2006 , nippon ichi released a sequel called for the playstation 2 , as well as a 12 episode long anime titled makai senki disgaea ."	titled	named	called	entitled	,	directed	labeled	dubbed	composed	designated	headed
"the false gharial , also known as the malayan gharial , false gavial , or tomistoma is a fresh-water reptile resembling a crocodile with a very thin and elongated snout , which is thicker than the gharial ."	elongated	extended	long	oval	angled	arched	elliptical	altered	erect	oversized	eccentric
"he held several senior positions in the royal flying corps during world war i , serving as the commander of royal flying corps in france from 1915 to 1917 ."	senior	prominent	leadership	major	significant	junior	chief	prestigious	command	central	powerful
"fernando navarro i corbacho is a spanish footballer who currently plays for sevilla fc , as a left defender ."	defender	back	player	midfielder	winger	fullback	guard	hitter	cornerback	footballer	keeper
"throughout recorded history , several cosmologies and cosmogonies have been proposed to account for observations of the universe ."	observations	aspects	parts	events	phenomena	studies	measurements	knowledge	portions	beliefs	appearances
saint-montan is a commune in the ardì¬che department in south-eastern france .	department	district	division	region	section	arrondissement	commune	sector	diocese	direction	nationale
"the term is also at times used as a derogatory term for films or sequels of films that are of inferior quality , or are not expected to find financial success ."	derogatory	negative	controversial	vulgar	racist	harsh	humorous	positive	racial	hostile	generic
the hush sound is currently on hiatus .	hiatus	tour	pause	hold	rotation	resume	retirement	contract	recess	suspension	rehearsals
"mainstream music denotes music that is familiar and unthreatening to the masses , as for example popular music , pop music , middle of the road music , pop rap or soft rock ; mainstream jazz is generally seen as an evolution of be-bop , which was originally regarded as radical ."	denotes	means	implies	signifies	is	indicates	comprises	describes	involves	incorporates	depicts
edwards attended west buckland school where his potential for the triple jump was spotted at an early age .	potential	talent	capacity	ability	variety	opportunity	possibility	flair	role	spirit	caliber
"inheriting a collapsing empire and faced with constant warfare during his reign against both the seljuk turks in asia minor and the normans in the western balkans , alexios was able to halt the byzantine decline and begin the military , financial , and territorial recovery known as the `` komnenian restoration '' ."	reign	rule	time	period	tenure	campaign	throne	service	serve	realm	drive
"in the census of 2005 , the population of the banja luka region was at 709,000 residents , predominantly serb ."	residents	inhabitants	people	members	individuals	homes	persons	settlers	speakers	locations	civilians
"monte plata is a province of the dominican republic , and also the name of its capital city . it was split from san cristì_bal in 1992 ."	province	city	district	region	town	municipality	department	county	governorate	division	river
it is sent as an http header by a web server to a web browser and then sent back unchanged by the browser each time it accesses that server .	accesses	uses	visits	enters	encounters	attacks	hits	opens	selects	approaches	abstracts
"in contrast , the 2007 micropì_dia has roughly 65,000 articles , the vast majority of which contain fewer than 750 words , no references , and no named contributors ."	fewer	less	more	smaller	greater	lesser	farther	<	wilder	richer	weaker
"by 1961 , gordy had appointed robinson vice-president of motown records , a title robinson held for as long as gordy remained with the company ."	remained	stayed	stood	continued	retained	appeared	persisted	returned	resided	lingered	existed
from 1908 to 1911 he was the principal conductor of the vienna hofoper succeeding gustav mahler ; he retained the conductorship of the vienna philharmonic until 1927 .	retained	maintained	held	kept	remained	continued	shared	resumed	upheld	defended	conserved
"mexican cinnamon hot chocolate is traditionally served alongside a variety of mexican pastries known as pan dulce and , as in spain , churros ."	traditionally	typically	usually	commonly	historically	generally	often	also	originally	predominantly	culturally
slaves were previously introduced by the british and french who colonized the island in the 18th century .	introduced	brought	used	reintroduced	added	carried	imported	established	provided	present	sold
"cholera , sometimes known as asiatic or epidemic cholera , is an infectious gastroenteritis caused by enterotoxin-producing strains of the bacterium vibrio cholerae ."	strains	varieties	spores	variants	cells	versions	bacteria	types	generations	cultures	mutations
a hurricane struck dominica and puerto rico between july 22 and july 24 .	struck	touched	hit	ravaged	rocked	threatened	reached	sustained	formed	visited	fractured
"in 1975 the old district steinfurt was merged with the district tecklenburg , and together with greven and saerbeck from the former district mì_nster the current district was formed ."	formed	created	made	founded	born	joined	composed	shaped	reformed	obtained	comprised
"it was discovered by a team of astronomers led by brett j. gladman , et al . in 2003 ."	discovered	found	observed	named	detected	determined	published	located	announced	rediscovered	founded
"cyanobacteria , also known as blue-green algae , blue-green bacteria or cyanophyta , is a phylum of bacteria that obtain their energy through photosynthesis ."	obtain	derive	get	gain	source	acquire	achieve	gather	attain	generate	derives
she finally divorced monroe in 1947 and also split with guy .	split	broke	separated	parted	married	divided	got	went	reunited	cut	released
crissì© is a commune in the sarthe department in the pays de la loire region in north-western france .	region	area	department	place	country	county	group	period	division	company	decade
"dan pulled in ruth marie as a fifth person in his alliance , but after losing another immunity challenge , sally convinced the la mina men that she was a more valuable player ."	convinced	told	persuaded	taught	showed	led	fooled	motivated	helped	inspired	influenced
"greater armenia is an armenian irredentist political goal aimed at uniting with armenia most of the armenian highland , the historical homeland of the armenians since antiquity up until the armenian genocide when they were massacred and forcefully expelled by the ottoman turkish government ."	forcefully	then	eventually	later	completely	violently	subsequently	finally	mostly	gradually	fully
"lightcurve data for europa has been particularly tricky to interpret , so much so for a long time its period of rotation was in dispute despite numerous observations ."	tricky	difficult	complicated	problematic	simple	straightforward	crucial	tight	colourful	scrub	contentious
it is typically used for scraping or cutting food before the food enters the esophagus .	scraping	peeling	wiping	cleaning	slicing	hammering	smoothing	hacking	sliding	sampling	churning
"city of faizabad is the headquarters of faizabad district and a municipal board in the state of uttar pradesh , india , situated on the banks of river ghaghra ."	headquarters	center	capital	offices	chief	centers	leaders	seats	capitals	hq	settlements
the name kalganup is believed to be the noongar word for ` place of many waters ' .	believed	thought	said	known	considered	reported	understood	held	expected	supposed	likely
romano fogli is an italian retired footballer and former manager .	retired	former	professional	veteran	active	graduated	disbanded	deceased	experienced	recovered	ex
it overwinters in conifer groves .	conifer	pine	cypress	spruce	fir	tree	forest	redwood	cedar	the	forested
"in mid-june 2006 , the slab was crumbling in frequent rockfalls , although it was still being extruded ."	extruded	worked	assembled	carved	produced	excavated	formed	rebuilt	manufactured	eroded	bored
the billionaire of dismal downs is a scrooge mcduck comic by don rosa . it is the ninth of the original 12 chapters in the series the life and times of scrooge mcduck .	series	collection	books	miniseries	title	group	trilogy	original	comics	comic	family
"hms guardian set out before the convict ships but struck ice after leaving the cape of good hope , returned to southern africa and was wrecked on the coast ."	returned	went	came	turned	sent	back	reported	continued	sailed	referred	called
"the concept of a `` picture element '' dates to the earliest days of television , for example as `` bildpunkt '' in the 1888 german patent of paul nipkow ."	concept	idea	notion	theory	system	character	term	phenomenon	possibility	hypothesis	complex
on 1 october 1983 the pilot project began operations as a full-fledged bank and was renamed the grameen bank to make loans to poor bangladeshis .	full-fledged	proper	fledged	capable	real	chartered	mainstream	functional	mature	true	functioning
a lesson is a structured period of time where learning is intended to occur .	structured	planned	systematic	prescribed	targeted	short	disciplined	constructed	scheduled	scripted	standardized
it has been suggested that eastern pacific ocean tropical cyclones are formed out of tropical waves that originate in north africa as well .	originate	occur	begin	arise	arrive	exist	start	converge	initiate	source	intercept
riel sought to preserve mì©tis rights and culture as their homelands in the northwest came progressively under the canadian sphere of influence .	sought	attempted	desired	aimed	seeks	seeking	advocated	pursued	began	noted	targeted
"they are characterized by spirituality and metaphysical themes , extremely long takes , lack of conventional dramatic structure and plot , and memorable cinematography ."	cinematography	visuals	photography	scenes	imagery	filming	shots	sequences	filmmaking	footage	cameras
seismograms are essential for measuring earthquakes using the richter scale .	essential	important	necessary	vital	used	crucial	useful	fundamental	required	integral	helpful
"but , from time to time the church hierarchy , and even some popes , have given opinions on various matters ; although these `` guidelines '' are not binding on catholics , many tradition-minded catholics find them persuasive ."	persuasive	useful	compelling	helpful	convincing	valid	practical	plausible	reassuring	comforting	timely
a haunted house is defined as a house that is believed to be a center for supernatural occurrences or paranormal phenomena .	occurrences	events	experiences	incidents	phenomena	activities	instances	observations	situations	encounters	formations
"glaciologically , ice age implies the presence of extensive ice sheets in the northern and southern hemispheres ; by this definition we are still in the ice age that began at the start of the pleistocene ."	definition	description	criterion	method	notion	statement	conception	interpretation	design	criteria	designation
"from scarborough monday to saturdays there is generally an hourly first transpennine express service to york , leeds , manchester piccadilly and liverpool lime street and a two-hourly northern rail service to bridlington , hull and sheffield via the yorkshire coast line ."	generally	usually	normally	typically	often	currently	approximately	initially	roughly	commonly	broadly
"the county is divided into three areas of unorganized territory : dupree , north ziebach , and south ziebach ."	divided	split	subdivided	separated	broken	given	placed	torn	sliced	shown	sub
"the pittsburgh steelers are a professional american football team based in pittsburgh , pennsylvania ."	based	located	headquartered	found	centered	residing	from	living	released	born	resident
"during the final immunity challenge , sandra fell out early , allowing jon to try to convince lil to take him to the final two ."	final	last	second	first	third	preliminary	fourth	initial	ultimate	current	main
"avian influenza virus h3n2 is endemic in pigs in china and has been detected in pigs in vietnam , increasing fears of the emergence of new variant strains ."	detected	found	discovered	recorded	caught	observed	spotted	demonstrated	confirmed	noticed	sighted
"and though often viewed as a youthful expression of rebellion by the mainstream media , modern punk embodies a range of age groups who generally disagree with the perceived of countercultural principals and it is not uncommon for middle-aged people to form punk houses and resistance movements in the face of what they view as the widespread , unfair exploitation of human and animal rights ."	exploitation	abuse	manipulation	suppression	oppression	infringement	extraction	repression	use	harvesting	occupation
groìùlangheim is a municipality in the district of kitzingen in bavaria in germany .	municipality	town	village	city	community	borough	township	commune	hamlet	parish	member
"he received many awards , among them a posthumous special citation from the pulitzer prize board in 2007 for his `` masterful improvisation , supreme musicianship and iconic centrality to the history of jazz . ''"	received	accepted	won	obtained	collected	took	gained	served	placed	selected	conducted
when a fair weather waterspout makes landfall it quickly dissipates as it loses the inflow of warm air into the vortex .	dissipates	collapses	sinks	fades	forms	drains	dies	loses	separates	states	flees
"its purpose is to promote free trade and the fluid movement of goods , people , and currency ."	fluid	free	international	orderly	fair	smooth	open	peaceful	uniform	liberal	equal
most of the state lies in an area known as tornado alley characterized by frequent interaction between cold and warm air masses producing severe weather .	interaction	exchange	impact	encounter	contact	association	influence	mixing	combination	appearance	incident
the reservoir has a volume of 4.26 mio m and a surface area of 0.25 km .	reservoir	lake	dam	pond	catchment	pool	facility	field	tank	source	barrage
"after receiving the news of the important award , yunus announced that he would use part of his share of the $ 1.4 million award money to create a company to make low-cost , high-nutrition food for the poor ; while the rest would go toward setting up an eye hospital for the poor in bangladesh ."	announced	declared	stated	said	proclaimed	explained	informed	ordered	revealed	unveiled	advertised
"phillip was appointed governor of new south wales , the first european colony on the australian continent , and was the founder of the site which is now the city of sydney ."	appointed	named	made	the	commissioned	elected	confirmed	installed	established	awarded	acclaimed
toshiba was founded by the merging of two companies in 1939 .	merging	combining	joining	uniting	unification	forming	linking	blending	amalgamation	grouping	signing
"after crossing florida , hurricane hunters indicated a poorly defined circulation , but with winds exceeding tropical storm strength , and the system was designated as tropical storm erika late on august 14 while located 85 miles west of fort myers ."	indicated	noted	observed	reported	identified	suggested	showed	advised	evidenced	outlined	implied
eucalyptus forests in california have been criticised because they compete with native plants and do not support native animals .	criticised	condemned	threatened	attacked	controversial	blamed	questioned	proposed	banned	investigated	persecuted
"after the demise of the whl , however , the stanley cup was awarded exclusively to the nhl playoff champion , and the wales trophy was given to the regular season champion ."	exclusively	solely	only	primarily	entirely	specifically	strictly	mainly	purely	independently	universally
"it was discovered and opened about the same time as crystal cave , but was closed by the owners in the 1940s ."	discovered	found	rediscovered	founded	located	uncovered	revealed	explored	composed	noticed	detected
italy purchased the city in 1905 and made mogadishu the capital of italian somaliland .	purchased	bought	acquired	claimed	sold	captured	owned	seized	obtained	patented	chartered
"sir terence david john pratchett , obe , more commonly known as terry pratchett , is an english novelist , known for his frequently comical work in the fantasy genre ."	novelist	writer	author	cartoonist	fiction	narrator	protagonist	publisher	landlord	entrepreneur	fictional
students are obligated to attend the central high school .	obligated	required	forced	compelled	expected	allowed	mandated	ordered	exempt	ob	disposed
the technique consists of precoding the data so as to cancel the effect of the interference .	technique	method	process	procedure	principle	practice	scheme	concept	strategy	methodology	treatment
"in 1989 , these diversified interests started growing into separate organizations , as the fisheries project became grameen motsho and the irrigation project became grameen krishi ."	organizations	groups	entities	institutions	associations	structures	operations	corporations	offices	outfits	centers
"in august 1995 , the ttc suffered its worst subway accident in what it refers to as the russell hill accident , on the yonge-university-spadina line south of st. clair west station ."	suffered	had	experienced	witnessed	saw	lost	endured	sustained	gained	claimed	scored
"the short-beaked echidna is an iconic animal in contemporary australia , notably appearing on the australian five-cent piece and on a $ 200 commemorative coin released in 1992 ."	contemporary	western	modern	current	indigenous	metropolitan	southwestern	australian	recent	broader	postwar
gygax is generally acknowledged as the father of role-playing games .	generally	often	usually	commonly	widely	typically	sometimes	largely	normally	traditionally	broadly
"after 1910 , he spent the remainder of his life in moscow , working in the marfo-mariinsky convent ."	remainder	rest	majority	portion	latter	duration	subsequent	bulk	surplus	termination	disposition
"situated 13 miles southeast of seattle , washington , renton straddles the southeast shore of lake washington ."	situated	located	positioned	found	constructed	about	approximately	precisely	based	perched	centred
"in the third book , harry potter and the prisoner of azkaban , rowling uses a time travel premise ."	premise	concept	plot	device	paradigm	metaphor	storyline	formula	narrative	technique	scheme
yass is a prominent area for raising sheep which produce very fine wool due to the soil and climatic conditions of the yass area .	prominent	notable	popular	famous	leading	common	significant	distinguished	prevalent	desirable	predominant
"annual production of lego bricks averages approximately 20 billion per year , or about 600 pieces per second : if all the lego bricks ever produced were to be divided equally among a world population of six billion , each person would have 62 lego bricks ."	averages	is	reaches	totals	was	estimates	numbers	equals	amounts	comprises	encompasses
"historians are undecided if lincoln actually said this line , and in a letter that stowe wrote to her husband a few hours after meeting with lincoln no mention of this comment was made ."	undecided	uncertain	unsure	unclear	doubtful	unknown	deciding	debating	divided	uncertainty	okay
"the interest was so great that developers found themselves advertising the parks rather than their own developments , as the highest prices would exist for the park perceived to be best ."	advertising	marketing	promoting	selling	expanding	broadcasting	targeting	offering	announcing	ordering	emphasizing
"it generally consists of a shallow pool of water , usually quite calm ."	generally	usually	typically	commonly	often	mostly	normally	largely	broadly	widely	roughly
a tropical cyclone strikes eastern cuba on september 28 .	strikes	hits	attacks	forms	reaches	impacts	battles	damages	blows	lashes	rocks
the romans believed the fumes produced by burning castoreum could induce an abortion ; paracelsus thought it could be used in the treatment of epilepsy ; and medieval beekeepers used it to increase honey production .	produced	created	released	made	generated	formed	caused	left	achieved	fired	forged
"phosgene can be detected at 0.4 ppm , which is four times the threshold limit value ."	detected	observed	discovered	found	measured	sensed	spotted	recorded	inspected	registered	noticed
"he invites his sister , may belle to enter terabithia ; she is delighted because she was previously denied any opportunity to enter ."	denied	refused	rejected	granted	barred	dismissed	forbidden	blocked	excluded	suppressed	discontinued
"oat bread was first manufactured in england , where the first oat bread factory was established in 1899 ."	manufactured	produced	made	constructed	conceived	formed	patented	synthesized	pronounced	regulated	practised
the trans-asian railway is a project to create an integrated freight railway network across europe and asia .	create	build	establish	make	provide	form	develop	produce	become	present	complete
"if the object has exactly the same density as the fluid , then its buoyancy equals its weight ."	fluid	water	liquid	material	gas	flow	solvent	vapor	stream	medium	solid
they have also been observed in captivity catching spiny dogfish of up to 3-4 feet in length .	observed	seen	reported	witnessed	recorded	found	caught	identified	exhibited	operated	evidenced
"in mid-november 2008 , president-elect obama and clinton discussed the possibility of her serving as u.s. secretary of state in his administration , and on november 21 , reports indicated that she had accepted the position ."	indicated	suggested	appeared	revealed	showed	emerged	implied	conveyed	hinted	displayed	evidenced
"outcast of redwall is a fantasy novel by brian jacques , published in 1995 ."	novel	book	story	series	tale	fiction	work	thriller	mystery	paperback	crime
"with the others bailed out for various food items , tom was the last man standing and won immunity ."	various	different	other	some	several	certain	the	common	miscellaneous	dubious	seeking
"thus , on unification day , october 3 , 1990 , the german democratic republic ceased to exist , giving way to five new federal states , and east and west berlin were also unified as a single city , forming a sixth new federal state . the new federal states immediately became parts of the federal republic of germany , so that it was enlarged to include the whole territory of the former east germany ."	territory	land	area	region	space	portion	sphere	remainder	wilderness	tract	mound
"in the opening and middlegame , the king will rarely play an active role in the development of an offensive or defensive position ."	rarely	never	not	usually	seldom	hardly	barely	sometimes	frequently	occasionally	sparsely
the most troublesome situation usually occurs with short journeys from west to east .	troublesome	difficult	severe	unpleasant	problematic	serious	unfortunate	painful	violent	deadly	unacceptable
"barnes & noble , inc. is the largest book retailer in the united states , operating mainly through its barnes & noble booksellers chain of bookstores headquartered in lower fifth avenue in lower manhattan , new york city ."	headquartered	located	launched	based	situated	stationed	,	centered	concentrated	anchored	nationwide
hurricane-force wind gusts were reported in new england .	hurricane-force	strong	force	strength	high	storm	power	degree	season	level	scale
spain and luxembourg currently have bourbon monarchs .	currently	presently	also	generally	previously	similarly	typically	thus	additionally	subsequently	briefly
"the toys are similar to many other small plush toys , however , each webkinz toy has an attached tag with a unique `` secret code '' printed on it that allows access to the `` webkinz world '' website ."	unique	special	different	distinct	distinctive	specific	single	memorable	custom	singular	characteristic
jamie farr is an american television and film actor and popular game show panelist .	panelist	host	judge	contestant	participant	personality	commentator	presenter	moderator	guest	speaker
"however , the availability of suitable habitat is critical : forest must be neither too old nor too young ."	availability	abundance	supply	absence	existence	acquisition	accessibility	appearance	occurrence	application	eligibility
"he enrolled at papanui high school , then university of canterbury , but for only one year ."	enrolled	registered	began	entered	enlisted	engaged	embarked	boarded	initiated	commenced	interned
"famous for hosting the annual rose bowl football game and the tournament of roses parade , pasadena is the home of many leading scientific and cultural institutions , including the california institute of technology , pasadena city college , the jet propulsion laboratory , art center college of design , the pasadena playhouse , california school of culinary arts pasadena , the norton simon museum of art and the pacific asia museum ."	leading	prominent	major	premier	important	renowned	famous	eminent	pioneering	influential	foremost
"bunch is a small unincorporated community in southwestern adair county , oklahoma , united states ."	community	area	town	village	settlement	place	locality	location	hamlet	subdivision	destination
the association of virtue with withdrawal from society - and specifically from cities - was a familiar theme in religious literature .	theme	topic	motif	subject	concept	metaphor	feature	genre	element	issue	problem
"she has three older brothers : aaron , benjamin , and nathaniel , the latter of whom is a model and actor ."	latter	former	last	younger	other	remainder	remaining	neither	heavier	youngest	rear
"before meeting the sacramento river , the san joaquin river has two distributary rivers , the old river and the middle river , both of which once were the main channels of the river . due to the bend in the san joaquin river channel at the head of the old river , a significant portion of the san joaquin river flow continues down the old river instead of heading northward along the san joaquin ."	significant	major	small	large	notable	substantial	considerable	smaller	sizable	portion	comparable
"the primary trinity included tinia , uni and menrva ."	primary	main	original	secondary	first	tertiary	core	initial	sole	central	predominant
"tolstoy was born in yasnaya polyana , the family estate in the tula region of russia ."	estate	property	house	farm	mansion	seat	land	domain	plantation	station	enterprise
the earthquake engineering research institute is a leader in dissemination of earthquake engineering research related information both in the u.s. and globally .	research	information	science	reference	study	development	review	work	radio	reform	r
"notable former managers of notts county include jimmy sirrel , neil warnock , howard kendall and sam allardyce ."	former	current	past	previous	retired	local	defunct	senior	recent	head	male
"in addition to local research conducted at the radio telescope , parkes scientists have assisted nasa for several missions as a southern hemisphere relay and communications station ."	assisted	helped	joined	supported	aided	accompanied	served	provided	attended	participated	augmented
"volcanologists frequently visit volcanoes , especially active ones , to observe volcanic eruptions , collect eruptive products including tephra , rock and lava samples ."	frequently	often	regularly	commonly	routinely	generally	widely	typically	readily	continually	heavily
"pool , also known as pocket billiards , is the general term for a family of cue sports played on a pool table with six receptacles called pockets along the , into which balls are deposited as the main goal of play ."	receptacles	areas	compartments	containers	slots	pockets	sections	chambers	spaces	sockets	tanks
"he normally appears in a running gag , where he usually suffers unfortunate , nearly always fatal , events ."	unfortunate	terrible	tragic	unexpected	unpleasant	disastrous	unhappy	exceptional	unacceptable	extraordinary	hideous
most digital media are based on translating analog data into digital data and vice-versa .	translating	converting	turning	rendering	writing	encoding	reducing	compiling	mapping	expressing	copying
"wrestlers portrayed a villain or a hero as they followed a series of events that built tension , and culminated into a wrestling match or series of matches ."	villain	character	foe	leader	nemesis	negative	ally	partner	traitor	manager	valet
"not to be confused with `` terms '' in colloquial usages , the shortened form of technical terms which are defined within a discipline or speciality field ."	discipline	field	profession	subject	specialty	technique	department	division	curriculum	genre	domain
a `` dune field '' is an area covered by extensive sand dunes .	extensive	large	substantial	widespread	elaborate	expansive	enormous	intensive	abundant	excessive	ample
107 camilla is one of the largest main belt asteroids .	largest	biggest	smallest	giant	major	oldest	smaller	longest	greatest	tallest	eldest
"first mentioned by the ancient greek geographer ptolemy , the pre-christian settlement of the saxon people originally covered an area a little more to the northwest , with parts of the southern jutland peninsula , old saxony and small sections of the eastern low countries ."	sections	portions	parts	areas	regions	segments	tracts	divisions	reaches	passages	stretches
"jeanne demessieux had a prodigious memory : she had memorized more than 2,500 works , including the complete organ works of johann sebastian bach , cì©sar franck , franz liszt , felix mendelssohn and marcel duprì© ."	prodigious	splendid	remarkable	great	formidable	magnificent	brilliant	superb	powerful	terrific	monumental
"at the end of each season , a series of playoff games are contested among the top six teams in the nfc , consisting of the four division champions and the two other teams with the best win-loss records ."	contested	played	held	disputed	competed	sought	comprised	produced	obtained	coveted	anticipated
veritas and undina would have been the largest fragments of that collision .	fragments	pieces	remnants	debris	bits	remains	components	parts	shards	survivors	chunks
after the partitions of poland in 1794 the area was annexed by prussia .	annexed	conquered	acquired	incorporated	invaded	administered	adopted	ceded	submitted	integrated	donated
"the models initially had difficulty predicting the track of the depression and the forecasts from the national hurricane center reflected this , indicating that the depression would move towards texas ."	reflected	revealed	showed	expressed	echoed	mirrored	did	addressed	mirror	yielded	mirrors
"a british nobleman , lord stanhope , took an interest in hauser and gained custody of him late in 1831 ."	gained	obtained	regained	acquired	retained	attained	sought	achieved	secured	became	got
"simon phillip cowell is an english music executive , television producer and entrepreneur ."	entrepreneur	businessman	author	activist	founder	investor	philanthropist	inventor	proprietor	pioneer	administrator
the remnants of the depression persisted until 2 am edt at which time it was absorbed by a warm front .	absorbed	swallowed	enveloped	accepted	engulfed	acquired	adopted	integrated	incorporated	merged	intercepted
"a good measure of notability is whether someone has been featured in multiple , independent , reliable sources ."	multiple	numerous	several	two	many	different	separate	various	single	consecutive	simultaneous
"it originally aired on the fox network in the united states on october 10 , 1991 ."	aired	appeared	ran	premiered	opened	screened	broadcast	released	concluded	served	operated
religious law is explicitly based on religious precepts .	precepts	principles	law	laws	beliefs	traditions	practice	norms	doctrines	practices	customs
"the principal greenhouse , in an art nouveau style with a modern metallic structure , resembles the mid-19th century crystal palace in london ."	resembles	echoes	suggests	follows	features	depicts	is	recalls	reflects	parallels	mentions
"metlink , formerly the met , is the marketing body and umbrella brand for public train , tram and bus transport operators in greater melbourne , victoria , australia ."	brand	label	name	group	term	banner	team	mark	logo	trademark	sponsor
"on april 9 , 1919 , miss marcella sherwood , who supervised the mission day school for girls was bicycling round the city to close her schools when she was assaulted by a mob in a narrow street , the kucha kurrichhan , was beaten and left wounded ."	assaulted	attacked	harassed	beaten	ambushed	approached	abducted	overwhelmed	injured	violated	intercepted
"schoenberg refused , saying `` i would only make you a bad schoenberg , and you 're such a good gershwin already . ''"	refused	declined	insisted	rejected	objected	protested	resisted	replied	accepted	demanded	answered
"however media outlets soon found ways around the ban , initially by the use of subtitles , but later and more commonly by the use of an actor reading his words over the images of him speaking ."	initially	first	largely	subsequently	originally	previously	firstly	immediately	mainly	early	ultimately
"however , the new king , louis xviii , knew that ideas of nationalism and democracy still lingered in his country ; hence the establishment and signing of the charte constitutionnelle franì¤aise , the french constitution otherwise known as la charte ."	hence	thus	therefore	particularly	see	via	whereby	consequently	namely	specially	palais
in 1873 mine employers attempted to introduce saturday afternoon and sunday shifts .	attempted	tried	began	managed	sought	failed	aimed	intended	succeeded	enacted	addressed
"he then settled in the avon valley , one of the most rugged and inaccessible places in the darling range ."	inaccessible	isolated	remote	uninhabited	accessible	secluded	impossible	unavailable	wilderness	untouched	unfamiliar
"the central planets are firmly under alliance control , but the outlying planets and moons resemble the 19th century american west , with little governmental authority ."	outlying	other	southwestern	peripheral	isolated	neighbouring	adjoining	satellite	associated	southernmost	offshore
"in 1639 , williams established a baptist church in providence , rhode island , and clarke began a baptist church in newport , rhode island ."	established	founded	began	organized	created	opened	erected	initiated	acquired	maintained	concluded
"while each edition of windows 2000 was targeted to a different market , they share a core set of features , including many system utilities such as the microsoft management console and standard system administration applications ."	core	central	basic	common	similar	fundamental	different	complementary	base	distinct	center
"the first conflict between the british and the marathas was the first anglo-maratha war which began in 1774 and resulted in the 1782 treaty of salbai , by which the island of salsette , adjacent to bombay island , was ceded to the british , while bharuch was ceded to the maratha ruler scindia ."	adjacent	opposite	next	analogous	attached	contiguous	neighboring	anterior	additional	subsequent	annexed
openoffice.org calc is the spreadsheet component of the openoffice.org software package .	component	part	portion	section	unit	core	constituent	variant	branch	subsidiary	subdivision
"the countess tells him it is only susanna , trying on her wedding dress ."	tells	informs	told	says	warns	shows	convinces	reads	gives	takes	gets
"early representations of the balalaika show it with anywhere from two to six strings , which resembles certain central asian instruments ."	representations	depictions	illustrations	forms	examples	drawings	appearances	performances	versions	copies	projections
additional praise was given to its scope and future potential based on user-created content ; minor criticism was reserved for specific elements of the gameplay mechanics and level creation facilities .	elements	aspects	parts	features	areas	issues	items	principles	details	themes	articles
"loamhedge is a fantasy novel by brian jacques , published in 2003 ."	published	released	written	completed	printed	republished	produced	launched	discovered	held	introduced
"the eastern orthodox church accepts psalm 151 as canonical . roman catholics , protestants , and most jews consider it apocryphal ."	consider	think	believe	regard	know	want	keep	call	maintain	classify	disregard
he aided the doukhobors in migrating to canada .	aided	assisted	helped	supported	led	encouraged	facilitated	inspired	guided	enabled	organized
"it is a permissive license , meaning that it permits reuse within proprietary software on the condition that the license is distributed with that software . the license is also gpl-compatible , meaning that the gpl permits combination and redistribution with software that uses the mit license ."	permits	allows	enables	prohibits	supports	forces	encourages	grants	facilitates	provisions	proceeds
"the battalion is usually part of a regiment , group or a brigade , depending on the organizational model used by that service ."	usually	always	often	typically	generally	commonly	sometimes	normally	mostly	probably	originally
"intense feelings of resentment trigger the initial retaliation , which causes the other party to feel equally aggrieved and vengeful ."	retaliation	revenge	resentment	response	reaction	hostility	vengeance	backlash	confrontation	counterattack	compensation
gravitational energy is the energy associated with the gravitational field .	associated	involved	related	identified	corresponding	affiliated	attributed	experienced	allied	concurrent	inherent
"the dead body of a human is referred to as a cadaver , or corpse ."	human	person	man	mortal	male	body	civilian	criminal	vampire	civil	pedestrian
marshal manuel deodoro da fonseca became the first president of the republic of brazil after heading a military coup that deposed emperor pedro ii .	coup	revolution	revolt	rebellion	plot	junta	dictatorship	conspiracy	mutiny	overthrow	crash
"slipknot is a heavy metal band formed by vocalist and percussionist anders colsefni , guitarists donnie steele and josh `` gnar '' brainard , bassist paul gray , drummer joey jordison and percussionist shawn crahan , in des moines , iowa ."	formed	founded	created	started	established	composed	developed	assembled	began	joined	begun
"the most recent goaltender to have scored a goal by deliberately shooting the puck into his opponents ' net was evgeni nabokov , in 2002 ."	deliberately	intentionally	purposely	secretly	accidentally	somehow	consciously	precisely	forcibly	supposedly	subtly
"following the withdrawal of the more powerful class 74 electro-diesels in 1977 , the class 73 is now unique on the british railway network ."	network	system	company	scheme	route	grid	line	franchise	land	record	property
"upon receiving its classification , the depression consisted of a partially exposed low-level center with deep convection occupying the northeastern semicircle ."	occupying	in	filling	invading	taking	comprising	throughout	adjoining	assuming	encompassing	obtaining
"these notable synagogues include ; the great synagogue of rome , the new synagogue , the leopoldstì_dter tempel , the grand choral synagogue , the great synagogue , the moscow choral synagogue , the great synagogue of florence , the great synagogue , plzen , the great synagogue , the ko ice orthodox synagogue , the novi sad synagogue , the szeged synagogue , the sofia synagogue and the great synagogue of oran ."	notable	famous	major	prominent	significant	remarkable	distinguished	historic	large	famed	renowned
"most of the detainees were captured japanese and italian military personnel , on august 5 , 1944 at least 545 japanese pows attempted a mass breakout from the camp , in perhaps the largest prison escape in world history ."	breakout	escape	revolt	retreat	release	evacuation	mutiny	exodus	bust	escapes	theft
"vinaigrette is a mixture of salad oil and vinegar , often flavored with herbs , spices , salt , pepper , sugar , and other ingredients ."	ingredients	elements	components	substances	materials	items	additions	chemicals	entries	nutrients	constituents
he supported the building of churches by distributing literature and providing ministers .	distributing	spreading	supplying	promoting	providing	selling	issuing	circulating	releasing	administering	lending
"as of the early 21st century , christianity has between 1.5 billion and 2.2 billion adherents ."	adherents	followers	members	practitioners	devotees	converts	inhabitants	disciples	attendees	viewers	respondents
"many schools teach children to make sock puppets and then have the children put on shows or plays for the whole school with them , sometimes with all the sock puppets singing ."	singing	playing	dancing	performing	together	screaming	chanting	crying	sang	sung	cheering
"the word cereal derives from ceres , the name of the roman goddess of harvest and agriculture ."	derives	comes	originates	stems	differs	descends	arises	yields	springs	distinguishes	declines
"miramax films was last operated by daniel battsek who reported to rich ross , chairman of walt disney studios motion pictures ."	operated	owned	run	controlled	governed	led	managed	founded	conducted	served	administered
he is portrayed by mark hamill .	portrayed	played	depicted	performed	represented	presented	voiced	appeared	introduced	embodied	hosted
"super smash bros. was developed by hal laboratory , a nintendo second-party developer , during ."	developed	created	built	designed	produced	evolved	released	redeveloped	ported	derived	played
the northern and western edges of the cotswolds are marked by steep escarpments down to the severn valley and the warwickshire avon .	escarpments	cliffs	slopes	ridges	sides	terraces	grades	edges	defences	declines	ramps
"they renamed the place alcante or alcanatif which means port of salt , due to the old salt industry of phoenicians and romans ."	renamed	called	named	dubbed	rebranded	nicknamed	founded	changed	styled	baptized	redesignated
"it was founded in 1964 in hamilton , ontario by canadian hockey player tim horton and jim charade , after an initial venture in hamburger restaurants ."	founded	established	started	formed	created	discovered	launched	begun	began	located	born
the annual mean temperature is 25 c ; regional mean temperatures range from 18 c in the heart of the cordillera central to as high as 27 c in arid regions .	annual	yearly	local	daily	overall	average	regional	biennial	seasonal	absolute	permanent
epistemology or theory of knowledge is the branch of philosophy concerned with the nature and scope of knowledge .	scope	extent	concept	basis	purpose	framework	constitution	scale	methodology	breadth	locus
the process is termed lichenometry .	termed	regarded	entitled	named	deemed	designated	constituted	principally	characterised	commenced	baptised
the name `` sea of cortì©s '' is the one preferred by most local residents .	residents	inhabitants	locals	citizens	speakers	families	members	settlers	owners	dwellers	islanders
"the 1997 atlantic hurricane season officially began on june 1 , 1997 , and lasted until november 30 , 1997 ."	lasted	continued	ended	stayed	persisted	waited	ran	went	lived	stretched	cried
this was the first time in survivor history that the two initial teams were not preselected by the producers .	preselected	chosen	selected	picked	revealed	created	decided	specified	announced	screened	drafted
the geological community generally accepts this hypothesis because it best explains sedimentary deposits generally regarded as of glacial origin at tropical paleolatitudes and other enigmatic features in the geological record .	hypothesis	theory	model	proposal	concept	thesis	scheme	scenario	doctrine	paradigm	geology
"the hells angels , at the peak of their ` outlaw ' reputation , corralled lost children ."	corralled	gathered	had	captured	found	collected	released	were	recruited	kidnapped	co
the roof of the west stand is corrugated iron this also houses the main television gantry which is accessed from the upper tier seating area by a temporary ladder .	tier	level	stage	deck	row	balcony	section	storey	terrace	truss	partition
"it gradually decayed into a surface low pressure trough , and developed into two disturbances ; one was centered 290 miles south-southeast of cape cod and another was located 200 miles south of cape hatteras , north carolina ."	gradually	slowly	eventually	steadily	progressively	then	rapidly	largely	successively	mostly	continuously
"techno is a form of electronic dance music that emerged in detroit , michigan , us during the mid to late 1980s ."	emerged	appeared	arose	developed	began	evolved	originated	occurred	erupted	expanded	escaped
dhamtour has an average elevation of 1110 metres .	elevation	altitude	average	height	ascent	incidence	area	upland	income	enrollment	alpine
"while in cambrai he collaborated with nicolas grenon on a complete revision of the liturgical musical collection of the cathedral , which included writing an extensive collection of polyphonic music for services ."	included	was	involved	added	began	consisted	required	meant	continued	covered	started
"it is also the only one of the former provinces of south africa not to undergo border changes , excluding the incorporation of bantustans ."	excluding	including	avoiding	preventing	beyond	notwithstanding	ignoring	minus	qualifying	eliminating	overlooking
"nevertheless , until the middle of the 20th century , agriculture dominated the canton ."	nevertheless	however	therefore	nonetheless	indeed	although	still	moreover	furthermore	accordingly	notwithstanding
the chain accounted for 22.6 % of all fast food industry revenues in canada in 2005 .	accounted	responsible	stood	provided	contributed	composed	aimed	amounted	participated	arrived	opted
"whatever the truth of the rumors , james required a royal match to preserve the stuart line ."	preserve	save	protect	destroy	retain	keep	seal	conserve	sustain	survive	ensure
"in 2005 and 2006 , the bulgarian state railways begin operating desiro trains as part of a 67-million deal with siemens ag for a total of 25 diesel multiple units ."	operating	running	using	performing	employing	serving	conducting	executing	ordering	flying	airing
this category contains articles about albums released on island records .	contains	includes	holds	lists	incorporates	encompasses	addresses	displays	describes	delivers	portrays
their heaviest defeats in the league were 10 - 1 against fulham in 1963 and 9 - 0 against manchester united in 1995 .	heaviest	largest	biggest	worst	greatest	highest	lowest	strongest	deepest	longest	maximum
"uniquely among mammals , these teeth are continuously replaced throughout life , with new teeth growing at the rear as older teeth fall out from farther forward in the mouth ."	continuously	periodically	steadily	gradually	regularly	repeatedly	slowly	eventually	progressively	permanently	completely
"it is also known as a clothes iron , flat iron , or smoothing iron ."	smoothing	rough	rolling	rubbing	straightening	cleaning	grinding	drying	covering	soothing	grazing
some of the first inhabitants of gili trawangan were from sulawesi who are fishermen and farmers .	inhabitants	residents	settlers	people	occupants	ancestors	arrivals	peoples	invaders	representatives	youths
"thousands of videos exist on youtube of users showing the original video to their friends and taping their reactions , although some videos seem to be staged ."	taping	recording	watching	filming	showing	documenting	measuring	monitoring	reviewing	logging	protesting
"however , on 13 april 2008 , before the completion of the initial five years , it was announced that bryce was to become the next governor-general of australia ."	initial	first	subsequent	final	original	additional	following	previous	early	inaugural	incoming
"kasem is best known by name as a music historian and disc jockey , most notably as host of the weekly american top 40 radio program from 1970 to 1988 , and again from march 1998 until january 10 , 2004 , when ryan seacrest succeeded him ."	program	show	series	segment	host	broadcast	format	personality	portion	competition	title
"liriodendron tulipifera , commonly known as the american tulip tree , tulip poplar or yellow poplar , is the western hemisphere representative of the two-species liriodendron genus and the tallest eastern hardwood ."	commonly	often	generally	popularly	usually	typically	also	widely	colloquially	frequently	professionally
"another allegation asserts that during the previous year , on saint bartholomew 's day , vlad had 30,000 of the merchants and officials of the transylvanian city of bra ov impaled for breaking his authority ."	asserts	states	maintains	is	establishes	declares	recounts	concerns	identifies	extends	emerges
"the result is a region of braided streams , marshes , and lakes the size of belgium ; the seasonal floods make the delta extremely productive for both fishing and agriculture ."	extremely	highly	very	incredibly	intensely	exceptionally	immensely	overwhelmingly	severely	exceeding	ultra
"during one event , german charley attempting to prevent the theft of a racehorse from the coombing park stables was shot to death by mickey bourke ."	prevent	stop	avoid	deter	protect	save	control	prohibit	halt	ensure	interrupt
the cheetah hunts by vision rather than by scent .	vision	sight	eye	view	perception	mind	seeing	blind	image	blindness	hearing
"spun yarns may contain a single type of fiber , or be a blend of various types . combining synthetic fibers with natural fibers is very common ."	various	several	different	numerous	many	multiple	differing	certain	similar	diverse	common
"the character may be speaking his or her thoughts aloud , directly addressing another character , or speaking to the audience , especially the former ."	character	person	actor	protagonist	role	player	figure	individual	personality	hero	concept
"the aar , a tributary of the rhine , is the longest river that both rises and ends entirely within switzerland ."	rises	begins	rose	arises	raises	comes	forms	lies	originates	stands	springs
"the atmosphere was so intense that gì¦ring , in a telephone call that evening , stated : `` there is unbelievable jubilation in austria ."	stated	said	announced	spoke	declared	wrote	noted	released	commented	mentioned	specified
"the intent is to display the likeness , personality , and even the mood of the person ."	intent	purpose	objective	aim	effect	object	attempt	effort	emphasis	understanding	offense
kavirondo is the former name of the region surrounding kavirondo gulf as well as of two native peoples living there under the regime of british east africa .	former	current	previous	latter	historic	past	nominal	historical	defunct	earlier	prior
"they are a type of reporter gene used in laboratory microbiology , molecular biology , and genetic engineering to indicate the success of a transfection or other procedure meant to introduce foreign dna into a cell ."	indicate	determine	signal	identify	confirm	mark	inform	document	reveal	designate	announce
several other hollywood films are also believed to have been inspired by bollywood films .	inspired	influenced	adapted	motivated	informed	based	animated	caused	triggered	prompted	invented
"winchester college was founded in 1382 by william of wykeham , bishop of winchester and chancellor to both edward iii and richard ii , and the first seventy poor scholars entered the school in 1394 ."	scholars	students	boys	children	fellows	pupils	men	players	brothers	persons	sons
they consider the period of 1917 to 1991 to have been a period of occupation by the soviet regime which was internationalist and anti-christian .	regime	government	state	rule	dictatorship	system	party	republic	power	programme	ruler
microsoft windows includes an implementation of ssl and tls as part of its secure channel package .	implementation	instance	application	interpretation	example	interpreter	optimization	equivalent	environment	infrastructure	algorithm
"he proceeded to the franco-prussian war in 1870 , and , being taken prisoner at vaucouleurs , he remained in french captivity for three months ."	proceeded	went	travelled	participated	attended	commenced	replied	undertook	was	committed	embarked
"pind dadan khan tehsil is a subdivision of jhelum district , punjab , pakistan ."	subdivision	division	part	tehsil	section	neighbourhood	component	branch	sector	locality	grouping
"although these reports did not contain any scores or rankings , the evaluation report for paris was considered the most positive , now followed closely by london which had narrowed down most of the gap observed by the initial evaluation in 2004 regarding paris ."	considered	thought	called	deemed	likely	held	regarded	titled	named	respected	recorded
"the island of ireland lies only 30 k from the southwestern peninsula of kintyre ; norway is 305 k to the east and the faroes , 270 k to the north ."	peninsula	tip	coast	part	point	coastline	corner	cape	gulf	wedge	snout
men are supposed to come to the mosque wearing loose and clean clothes that do not reveal the shape of the body .	reveal	show	hide	change	conceal	reflect	disclose	indicate	betray	display	disguise
"the kingdom of the franks under charlemagne was particularly hard-hit by these raiders , who could sail down the seine with near impunity ."	impunity	ease	silence	terror	certainty	immunity	indifference	authority	probability	violence	precision
"one day , she was given a home in ìðstergì¦tland as a gift by some rich women after she had cured them successfully and treated them ."	successfully	,	well	properly	all	completely	effectively	easily	carefully	unsuccessfully	physically
"gumbasia , a 3 minute 34 second short film produced in 1953 , was the first clay animation produced by art clokey , who went on to create the classic series gumby and davy and goliath using the same technique ."	classic	popular	legendary	original	iconic	famous	landmark	epic	seminal	historic	pioneering
"also , the sound of the regional language qawwali can be totally different from that of mainstream qawwali ."	mainstream	classical	conventional	traditional	standard	orthodox	regular	mass	vernacular	legitimate	wider
many people see al jazeera as a more trustworthy source of information than government and foreign channels .	trustworthy	reliable	credible	valuable	stable	worthy	accurate	friendly	useful	loyal	genuine
"the epping ongar railway operates on a preserved railway along the final section of the old great eastern railway and london underground central line branch line between epping and ongar , with an intermediate station at north weald ."	final	last	first	second	closing	remaining	terminal	third	penultimate	concluding	ending
"in the immunity challenge , koror had an early lead , but ulong made a slight comeback ."	slight	significant	minor	small	substantial	considerable	major	short	modest	minimal	subtle
"it is also widely believed that the size and number of connections in the prefrontal cortex relates directly to sentience , as the prefrontal cortex in humans occupies a far larger percentage of the brain than any other animal . as the brain has tripled in size over 5 million years of human evolution , the prefrontal cortex has increased in size sixfold ."	relates	refers	applies	translates	responds	connects	ties	links	reduces	measures	scales
"during its boom times , beechworth town boasted a range of industries including , a tannery , jewellers , boot makers , a brewery , blacksmiths , livestock sale yards ."	livestock	and	animal	cattle	horse	animals	sheep	stock	poultry	property	or
"traditionally , after a long period of consuming gimjang kimchi during the winter , fresh potherbs and vegetables were popular for making kimchi . these kinds of kimchi were not fermented or even stored for long periods of time but were consumed fresh ."	period	time	range	duration	group	sequence	interval	position	region	tract	spell
still visible throughout former east berlin are the characteristic `` ampelmì_nnchen '' on some pedestrian traffic lights .	characteristic	distinctive	typical	unique	feature	features	traditional	signature	decorative	trademark	colorful
"on 5 february 2007 , apple inc. and apple corps announced a settlement of their trademark dispute under which apple inc. will own all of the trademarks related to `` apple '' and will license certain of those trademarks back to apple corps for their continued use ."	announced	released	unveiled	introduced	ordered	opened	approved	published	established	advertised	inaugurated
the head of ornitholestes was relatively small .	relatively	very	comparatively	fairly	rather	typically	generally	extremely	moderately	somewhat	reasonably
"the northern part of the continent , covering much of siberia was also inaccessible to the steppe nomads due to the dense forests and the tundra ."	inaccessible	accessible	unavailable	invisible	unknown	impossible	uninhabited	available	isolated	navigable	accessibility
"while at trinity he became more focussed on music , for there he met the folk song collector cecil sharp and composer and folk song enthusiast ralph vaughan williams ."	focussed	concentrated	keen	centred	based	fixed	specialised	organised	recognised	rounded	restricted
canadian english is the variety of english used in canada . more than 26 million canadians have some knowledge of english .	variety	form	type	version	style	range	dialect	diversity	strain	grammar	corruption
whedon wanted to create something for television that was more character-driven and gritty than most modern science fiction .	create	make	write	develop	produce	find	design	provide	present	include	capture
"fought on 22 august 1485 , the battle was won by the lancastrians . their leader henry tudor , earl of richmond , became the first english monarch of the tudor dynasty by his victory and subsequent marriage to a yorkist princess ."	monarch	king	sovereign	queen	ruler	regent	royalty	royalist	premier	viceroy	baronet
the books were later adapted into a television series and a feature film .	adapted	developed	turned	arranged	adopted	applied	edited	converted	inspired	elaborated	engineered
"the mtr was immediately popular with residents of hong kong ; as a result , subsequent lines have been built to cover more territory . there are continual debates regarding how and where to expand the mtr network ."	immediately	instantly	initially	quickly	already	very	extremely	easily	unexpectedly	directly	instant
"it is bounded by munshiganj district and comilla district on the north , noakhali district , lakshmipur district and barisal district on the south , comilla district on the east , and meghna river , shariatpur district and munshiganj district on the west ."	bounded	bordered	formed	located	surrounded	contested	signed	considered	traced	characterized	contracted
then we see her deliberately contract cholera and be transferred to hospital .	transferred	sent	returned	moved	migrated	donated	relocated	referred	removed	loaned	switched
"darth maul appears in as the apprentice of sith lord darth sidious who sends him to capture queen padmì© amidala and eliminate the two jedi , qui-gon jinn and obi-wan kenobi ."	capture	catch	take	kidnap	trap	secure	collect	claim	free	land	arrest
this arrangement provided most of the agricultural labor throughout the middle ages .	provided	supplied	furnished	performed	generated	gave	formed	composed	contributed	rendered	contracted
roadrunner records is a record label that concentrates primarily on heavy metal bands .	concentrates	focus	focuses	works	mainly	centres	carries	emphasis	specializes	catalogue	nowadays
"ashoka did not completely prohibit the killing of animals ; he prohibited gratuitous killings , he advocated restraint in the number that had to be killed for consumption , protected some of them , and in general condemned violent acts against animals , such as castration ."	prohibit	prevent	forbid	ban	eliminate	cease	restrict	require	regulate	suppress	curb
"to reduce space and increase reading speed , virtually all braille books are transcribed in what is known as grade 2 braille , which uses a system of contractions to reduce space and speed the process of reading ."	reduce	minimize	save	decrease	lower	preserve	conserve	alleviate	reflect	contain	bear
this is a considerably higher total than that of any other european country .	considerably	significantly	slightly	somewhat	much	comparatively	particularly	notably	noticeably	tract	predominantly
"apples require cross-pollination between individuals by insects ; all are self-sterile , and self-pollination is impossible , making pollinating insects essential ."	require	need	undergo	provide	involve	must	include	demand	seek	employ	assume
a final violent confrontation with police took place at glenrowan .	confrontation	clash	encounter	interaction	showdown	shootout	reconciliation	collision	manifestation	coupling	enclosure
"a tropical wave , which had previously spawned tropical depression six , interacted with an upper-level low pressure area to develop an area of deep convection near hispaniola on july 23 , 2003 ."	previously	already	recently	initially	earlier	also	subsequently	formerly	briefly	similarly	historically
other females within the social group may assist in the birthing process and tend to the newborns .	newborns	babies	infants	infant	young	children	births	prospects	casualties	adolescents	teenagers
his reign spanned the years from 809 through 823 .	spanned	covered	encompassed	crossed	embraced	lasted	encompasses	across	wiped	conquered	drained
"neem karoli was a life-long adept of bhakti yoga , and encouraged service to others as the highest form of unconditional devotion to god ."	highest	ultimate	lowest	greatest	best	supreme	only	maximum	utmost	top	paramount
fives is a british sport believed to derive from the same origins as many racquet sports .	derive	stem	originate	gain	descend	differ	generate	arise	source	branch	evolve
in 1269 it was the seat of a famous battle during the wars of guelphs and ghibellines and in 1479 it was besieged by neapolitan troops .	besieged	siege	conquered	attacked	invaded	captured	occupied	stormed	raided	bombed	recaptured
grì_nberg and fert have received a number of prestigious prizes and awards for their discovery and contributions to the field of spintronics including the 2007 nobel prize in physics .	received	accepted	won	given	obtained	garnered	collected	awarded	selected	rewarded	funded
"during their trip , aras and cirie made a pact for the final 2 ; while danielle and terry also conspired for their fate in the game during their time on exile ."	conspired	plotted	planned	decided	fought	worked	orchestrated	struggled	negotiated	compromised	played
gorgoneia that decorate the shields of warriors on mid-5th century greek vases are considerably less grotesque and menacing .	menacing	threatening	sinister	imposing	ominous	fearful	disturbing	frightening	terrifying	intimidating	enraged
"charon , discovered in 1978 at the united states naval observatory flagstaff station , is the largest satellite of the dwarf planet pluto . following the 2005 discovery of two other natural satellites of pluto , charon may also be referred to as pluto i. the new horizons mission is scheduled to visit charon and pluto in july 2015 ."	satellite	moon	part	component	sphere	spacecraft	orbit	hemisphere	crater	target	twin
"they are typically specified to withstand an impact of 3600 g and temperatures of over 1,000 c ."	typically	usually	generally	commonly	frequently	currently	primarily	traditionally	routinely	notably	annually
"if k rei did exist , there is no evidence to suggest that the title tenn was used during the time period to which his reign has been assigned ."	evidence	support	reason	proof	information	indication	material	influence	activity	opposition	industry
"once a flourishing saxon riverport , it lies in the waveney valley and is a popular boating center ."	lies	lay	is	lays	stands	sits	rests	runs	rises	stretches	lands
the circuit cost approximately us $ 150 million to construct .	construct	build	create	manufacture	establish	develop	erect	provide	comprise	relocate	commence
a page that is a redirect can be moved like any other page .	moved	changed	transferred	relocated	shifted	placed	removed	transported	migrated	pushed	displaced
"then cogswell asked gallaudet to travel to europe to study methods for teaching deaf students , especially those of the braidwood family in edinburgh , scotland ."	travel	journey	move	fly	trip	go	voyage	depart	visit	migrate	flee
"he is widely known for his roles as little joe cartwright in bonanza , charles ingalls in little house on the prairie , and jonathan smith in highway to heaven ."	widely	well	commonly	generally	largely	best	broadly	internationally	worldwide	universally	frequently
"since minamoto no yoritomo launched the shogunate , the true power had been in the hand of the shoguns , who were mistaken several times for the emperors of japan by the chinese government ."	launched	created	founded	established	started	began	initiated	formed	instituted	inaugurated	revived
swiss cheese is a generic name common to many countries for several related varieties of cheese which resemble the swiss emmental .	resemble	like	include	mimic	recall	comprise	shape	approximate	imitation	reproduce	copy
"several of these tropical cyclones have caused deaths or heavy property damage , usually due to flooding caused by rain ."	caused	given	produced	killed	forced	helped	started	marked	decided	scored	thrown
"through these feedback processes , the cryosphere plays a significant role in global climate and in climate model response to global change ."	significant	major	large	substantial	key	critical	notable	huge	considerable	meaningful	historic
about 20 % of patients with acute ischemic colitis may develop a long-term complication known as chronic ischemic colitis .	develop	have	form	grow	present	establish	show	contract	display	become	decline
"fiction records is a uk formerly indie label , now wholly owned by polydor a subsidiary of universal music group , started by chris parry in 1978 that is best known as being the home of the cure for over 20 years ."	owned	sold	bought	acquired	operated	held	purchased	controlled	known	organized	inherited
"alexander stepanovich popov was a russian physicist who first demonstrated the practical application of electromagnetic waves , although he did not apply for a patent for his invention ."	demonstrated	showed	discovered	observed	exhibited	witnessed	performed	conceived	characterized	constructed	sustained
"in nature , there is a strong evolutionary pressure for animals to blend into their environment or conceal their shape ; for prey animals to avoid predators and for predators to be able to sneak up on prey ."	conceal	hide	disguise	reveal	camouflage	mask	cloak	disguised	obscure	veil	covert
"in switzerland , the constitutional ban on absinthe was repealed in 2000 during an overhaul of the national constitution , although the prohibition was written into ordinary law instead ."	prohibition	ban	forbid	restriction	banning	limitation	suppression	prescription	taboo	defiance	boycott
"one theory suggests that the source of the name is an ancient finnic language , in which it means `` dark '' and `` turbid '' ."	turbid	dry	violent	dark	dull	dirty	rough	terrible	troubled	rainy	torn
the geological composition of rock and soil dictates the type of shore which is created .	dictates	determines	defines	determine	indicates	sets	provides	regulates	affects	specifies	creates
"he held the imperial seal and could convene all other viziers to attend to affairs of the state ; the viziers in conference were called `` kubbealt viziers '' in reference to their meeting place , the kubbealt in topkap palace ."	convene	summon	call	gather	meet	invite	command	bring	assemble	council	prompt
"combining their observations with thermal measurements taken in november 2000 , the team estimated the size of the components of the system ."	observations	findings	studies	measurements	images	discoveries	operations	investigations	recordings	errors	assignments
"many beijing office towers were evacuated , including the building housing the media offices for the organizers of the 2008 summer olympics ."	towers	buildings	blocks	structures	complexes	offices	floors	centers	centres	flats	chains
"the sculpture was made from the same weathering steel as the angel of the north sculpture , which gradually develops a tightly adhering oxide layer as it is exposed to the elements ."	gradually	slowly	eventually	progressively	rapidly	then	steadily	continually	quickly	successively	continuously
valzacchi and annina now offer their services to him .	services	assistance	skills	companies	activities	practices	contracts	duties	firms	talents	ways
"because carbon dioxide is released at a faster rate through the acid-base reaction than through fermentation , breads made by chemical leavening are called quick breads ."	released	produced	created	emitted	lost	discharged	freed	dissipated	leaked	raised	surrendered
"many publications , such as the suikoden world guide and suikoden encyclopedia , exist for the suikoden series , though the majority are only in japanese ."	exist	allow	arise	appear	account	originate	include	reside	have	operate	excel
"as an adult , he was charged with a long list of crimes , including possession of counterfeit money , loitering and prowling , burglary , kidnapping and armed robbery ."	loitering	wandering	stalking	roaming	walking	patrolling	lurking	sneaking	drifting	lingering	scouting
"most baseball uniforms have the names and uniform numbers of players who wear them , usually on the backs of the uniforms to distinguish players from one other ."	distinguish	identify	separate	differentiate	recognize	determine	contrast	mark	designate	establish	differ
it was founded where the nascent sydney to melbourne road crossed water in the form of the yass river .	nascent	first	fledgling	developing	early	former	earliest	nas	founding	newborn	precursor
"heights are measured to the structural height , which includes architectural elements , but not communications spires or antennas , per the guidelines of the council on tall buildings and urban habitat ."	includes	covers	encompasses	involves	adds	is	remains	combines	collects	calls	totals
the decimal separator or decimal point or decimal comma is a symbol used to mark the boundary between the integral and the fractional parts of a decimal number in a positional numeral system .	boundary	border	ground	difference	frontier	limit	relationship	distinction	interface	division	margin
"the dam was completed in 1974 and was designed to store water from the indus river for irrigation and flood control , and for the generation of hydro-electric power ."	designed	built	intended	constructed	developed	planned	located	engineered	redesigned	founded	dedicated
"particularly , community-building activities that are not strictly `` on topic '' may be allowed , especially when initiated by committed wikipedians with good edit histories ."	initiated	started	introduced	begun	organized	implemented	enacted	prompted	inaugurated	authored	originated
xanten is also a popular filming location and the site of many concerts .	site	location	home	place	scene	centre	center	seat	source	subject	point
"a reconnaissance aircraft flight into the system on september 20 reported a well-defined low and strong wind gusts in squalls as the system tracked into the northeastern gulf of mexico , along with limited and disorganized thunderstorm activity ."	tracked	rolled	moved	turned	ran	continued	climbed	headed	approached	raced	fed
"in electronics , a voltage divider is a simple linear circuit that produces an output voltage that is a fraction of its input voltage . voltage division refers to the partitioning of a voltage among the components of the divider ."	produces	generates	makes	creates	yields	has	performs	leaves	represents	supports	outputs
the cynics were an influential group of philosophers from the ancient school of cynicism .	influential	important	early	active	impressive	innovative	educated	obscure	edited	inspirational	effective
"arche belongs to the carme group , made up of irregular retrograde moons orbiting jupiter at a distance ranging between 23 and 24 gm and at an inclination of about 165 ."	irregular	regular	eccentric	unusual	the	elongated	elliptic	uneven	elliptical	erratic	stony
"loch ness is best known for the alleged sightings of the legendary loch ness monster , also known as `` nessie '' ."	legendary	mythical	famed	fictional	notorious	supposed	mythological	mystical	titular	reputed	fictitious
"typically , a fast shutter speed will require a larger aperture to ensure sufficient light exposure , and a slow shutter speed will require a smaller aperture to avoid excessive exposure ."	avoid	prevent	escape	eliminate	evade	keep	save	ease	assure	exclude	risk
"railways now bypass the three major falls , and much of the trade of central africa passes along the river , including copper , palm oil , sugar , coffee , and cotton ."	bypass	avoid	pass	traverse	miss	skirt	loop	span	ignore	hit	disregard
"security-enhanced linux is a linux feature that provides a mechanism for supporting access control security policies , including u.s. department of defense style mandatory access controls , through the use of linux security modules in the linux kernel ."	provides	offers	includes	presents	creates	establishes	supports	comprises	forms	portrays	performs
"johns and williams would have spent the next seven months working on a government work party in the local area , before being transferred to millbank prison ."	transferred	sent	moved	returned	switched	relegated	admitted	joined	separated	promoted	loaned
it lies on the southern side of lake constance .	lies	is	lays	stands	lay	sits	runs	rests	rises	stretches	falls
"an england batting collapse resulted in an innings defeat , denying bradman the opportunity to bat again and so his career average finished at 99.94 ; if he had scored just four runs in his last innings , it would have been 100 . a story developed over the years that claimed bradman missed the ball because of tears in his eyes , a claim bradman denied for the rest of his life ."	resulted	culminated	produced	occurred	ended	concluded	ensued	consisted	yielded	succeeded	terminated
the croatia national football team represents the republic of croatia in international football .	represents	serves	depicts	reflects	supports	hosts	involves	indicates	portrays	delegates	performs
"then , on august 15 , 1971 , united states president richard nixon announced that the united states dollar would no longer be convertible to gold , effectively ending the bretton woods system ."	convertible	equivalent	fixed	currency	nominal	rounded	subject	coined	monetary	literal	correlated
"after holding the title for just over a month , they dropped them to john cena and batista on the august 4 episode of raw ."	dropped	slipped	lost	gave	switched	changed	released	dumped	abandoned	lowered	left
"in general relativity , the effects of gravitation are ascribed to spacetime curvature instead of a force ."	ascribed	attributed	due	related	linked	reduced	assigned	traced	owing	equivalent	restricted
it is rare and valuable in finer grades and has been prized as a gem and ornamental stone for thousands of years owing to its unique hue .	hue	color	colour	appearance	coloration	quality	qualities	sheen	colours	shade	complexion
"for adam baldwin , who grew up watching westerns , the role of jayne cobb was particularly resonant ."	resonant	memorable	compelling	fitting	significant	vocal	expressive	difficult	comforting	res	volatile
"the sonata did not enter the mainstream repertoire , but it has been more recently championed by such pianists as marc-andr ì© hamelin ."	championed	praised	rediscovered	highlighted	lauded	showcased	explored	endorsed	revered	curated	headlined
"a tuning fork or electronic tuning device may be used as a reference pitch , though in ensemble rehearsals often a piano is used ."	reference	standard	control	base	starting	guide	counter	test	common	ground	bench
"peter became extratropical on december 11 , and was absorbed by a cold front shortly thereafter ."	thereafter	afterward	afterwards	subsequently	beforehand	consequently	likewise	accordingly	northward	concurrently	nonetheless
"in 2003 , dushku appeared in wrong turn , a horror film in which she had the starring role , and the kiss , an independent comedy-drama ."	appeared	featured	starred	performed	acted	was	debuted	played	worked	participated	spoke
his fighting style is primarily judo but has been modified to fight without the use of a judogi .	primarily	mostly	mainly	largely	originally	predominantly	typically	generally	chiefly	essentially	initially
"in 1901 , an independent governor was again appointed ."	appointed	elected	established	introduced	installed	announced	made	employed	confirmed	created	awarded
the album primarily deals with social issues that the band points on through various songs .	points	touches	comments	focuses	focus	takes	reflects	speaks	centers	draws	comment
"ganymede and callisto , at their maximum separation , are the likeliest targets for potential naked-eye observation ."	potential	possible	probable	future	the	prospective	mere	maximum	likely	sustained	current
word processing templates enable the ability to bypass the initial setup and configuration time necessary to create standardized documents such as a resume .	enable	provide	allow	offer	facilitate	afford	improve	incorporate	involve	imply	organise
a state religion is a religious body or creed officially endorsed by the state .	endorsed	supported	approved	sponsored	sanctioned	backed	authorized	funded	mandated	favored	lauded
"the cibf was founded by the general egyptian book organisation , a government publishers and retailers group , in 1969 to coincide with celebrations of the 1000th anniversary of the founding of the city of cairo ."	founding	creation	building	beginning	naming	forming	settling	establishing	starting	launching	creating
"it initially was completely dark , but as voyager 2 approached the planet , a bright core developed and can be seen in most of the highest-resolution images ."	initially	originally	previously	immediately	generally	also	first	earlier	early	subsequently	ultimately
a perfectly elastic collision is defined as one in which there is no loss of kinetic energy in the collision . an inelastic collision is one in which part of the kinetic energy is changed to some other form of energy in the collision .	kinetic	dynamic	mechanical	rotational	molecular	total	the	ballistic	rhythmic	angular	longitudinal
"problems may arise particularly with disposable soft lenses ; if the surface tension between the lens and the finger is too great the lens may turn itself inside out ; alternatively it may fold itself in half . when the lens first contacts the eye , a brief period of irritation may ensue as the eye acclimatizes to the lens and also as dirt on the lens irritates the eye ."	irritation	agony	annoyance	amusement	discomfort	complaint	embarrassment	impatience	frustration	agitation	tingling
"mary toft , also spelled tofts , was an english woman from godalming , surrey , who in 1726 became the subject of considerable controversy when she tricked doctors into believing that she had given birth to rabbits ."	controversy	debate	scandal	criticism	discussion	publicity	notoriety	protest	suspicion	scrutiny	distinction
"sdlp leader john hume , mp , identified the possibility that a negotiated settlement might be possible and began secret talks with adams in 1988 ."	identified	recognized	indicated	recognised	established	determined	assessed	uncovered	experienced	emerged	located
"a brief stint on go kart records saw the release of `` fly the flag '' , and now with their latest release of `` windward tides and wayward sails '' in 2003 finds them on union label group ."	latest	recent	newest	last	current	newer	fresh	recently	southern	nowadays	sour
it is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of union sportive du foyer de la rì©gie abidjan-niger .	matches	games	events	competitions	,	tournaments	fixtures	ties	meetings	contests	finals
"for the next several weeks , kozlov was interviewed on wwe programming , proclaiming his love for `` double double e '' but also began drawing a villainous response after declaring his superiority over whatever wrestlers were competing at the time , saying `` i could beat both of them . ''"	villainous	negative	hostile	strong	sinister	similar	strange	menacing	positive	malicious	contrary
"according to kojiki , the entrance to yomi lies in izumo province and was sealed off by izanagi-no-mikoto upon his flight from yomi , at which time he permanently blocked the entrance by placing a massive boulder at the base of the slope that leads to yomi . upon his return to ashihara-no-nakatsukuni , izanagi noted that yomi is a `` polluted land '' ."	placing	putting	laying	removing	building	setting	installing	positioning	performing	establishing	constructing
"the rice plants in the strain can be bred to other rice strains or cultivars , and if desirable plants are produced , these are further bred to stabilize the desirable traits ; the stabilized plants that can be propagated and `` come true '' are given a cultivar name and released into production to be used by farmers ."	bred	mated	born	fed	matched	mixed	grown	crossed	engineered	traded	blended
"due to their fast growth , the foremost benefit of these trees is their wood ."	foremost	primary	main	chief	principal	paramount	premier	sole	principle	chiefly	predominant
"its status as an official geological period was ratified in 2004 by the international union of geological sciences , making it the first new geological period declared in 120 years ."	ratified	confirmed	declared	endorsed	sanctioned	resolved	secured	stipulated	notified	attained	ceded
"more specifically , the term stratus is used to describe flat , hazy , featureless clouds of low altitude varying in color from dark gray to nearly white . a `` cloudy day '' usually features a sky filled with stratus clouds obscuring the disk of the sun ."	featureless	white	dark	flat	black	blank	smooth	dry	uniform	continuous	perpetual
"nuremberg was then an important and prosperous city , a center for publishing and many luxury trades ."	prosperous	wealthy	flourishing	thriving	rich	successful	affluent	powerful	lucrative	desirable	distinguished
super mario 64 is also characterized by featuring more puzzles than earlier mario games .	puzzles	challenges	mysteries	characters	problems	difficulties	clues	squares	bugs	solutions	constraints
their escapades earned them a cover shot and a nude pictorial in a playboy spread .	pictorial	layout	spread	visual	photo	mural	cameo	tabloid	silhouette	centennial	biennial
"in 1971 , she witnessed the impoverished conditions of the trash collectors in cairo , egypt , and decided to live among them ."	witnessed	saw	observed	demonstrated	experienced	reported	noticed	encountered	caught	learnt	overheard
"nearby there is the goobang national park , and peak hill which features an open cut mine that can be toured during holidays ."	features	has	houses	includes	contains	is	hosts	showcases	spots	displays	seats
"good friday , also called holy friday , black friday , or great friday , is a holiday observed primarily by adherents to christianity commemorating the crucifixion of jesus and his death at calvary ."	primarily	mainly	mostly	largely	predominantly	typically	solely	generally	chiefly	historically	prominently
"as of , it lies at latitude 66 33 39 south of the equator ."	lies	is	lays	lay	stands	sits	rests	measures	runs	lands	curves
"along with herculaneum , its sister city , pompeii was destroyed , and completely buried , during a long catastrophic eruption of the volcano mount vesuvius spanning two days in 79 ad ."	eruption	explosion	outburst	outbreak	episode	evacuation	ascent	occurrence	excavation	occupation	arc
"human interference has nearly exterminated them in many areas , and , except for the beech forests of the austrian alps , forests of deciduous trees are rarely found ."	rarely	seldom	frequently	commonly	never	hardly	typically	occasionally	barely	scarcely	sparsely
"nakì¼m won , and yaxhìá was instructed to find a new campsite ."	instructed	told	asked	ordered	commanded	directed	dispatched	appointed	informed	entrusted	mandated
the sheer weight of the continental icecap sitting on top of lake vostok is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration .	contribute	add	cause	lead	participate	provide	help	rise	factor	amount	react
"the album peaked at number 10 on the u.s. billboard 200 chart , selling 48,397 copies in its first week of release ; it was eventually certified gold by the riaa in 2008 ."	certified	registered	graded	accredited	recorded	verified	ranked	stamped	ratified	platinum	logged
the adjacent town of gzhatsk was renamed gagarin in 1968 in his honor .	adjacent	nearby	neighboring	surrounding	entire	next	associated	unrelated	attached	additional	upcoming
"at backlash , benoit retained the world title , after he forced michaels to submit to the sharpshooter ."	forced	caused	compelled	allowed	demanded	took	convinced	required	brought	induced	drove
"during the first boer war , the city was besieged by republican forces in december 1880 and march 1881 ."	besieged	siege	fortified	stormed	encircled	threatened	evacuated	raided	invested	bombed	leased
"one of the defining aspects of the nintendo gamecube is the rejuvenated relationship between nintendo and its licensees . unlike previous generations in which nintendo was seen by some as bullying its third-party game developers , nintendo openly sought game-development aid on the nintendo gamecube ."	rejuvenated	new	renewed	revived	improved	changed	continued	enhanced	transformed	strengthened	healing
none of your watched items were edited in the time period displayed .	edited	included	modified	used	altered	changed	updated	incorporated	shown	archived	appropriate
"originally made for the apple ii , they were later ported to other platforms ."	ported	adapted	released	transferred	converted	translated	developed	licensed	localized	generalized	serialized
his work is displayed in the museum of modern art in yerevan .	displayed	exhibited	featured	located	shown	showcased	depicted	demonstrated	stored	viewed	stocked
"he was a prolific discoverer of asteroids , discovering 122 in all , from 136 austria in 1874 to 1073 gellivara in 1923 ."	discovering	finding	naming	identifying	locating	detecting	numbering	measuring	publishing	constructing	pioneering
"males usually weigh about 500 lbs , but very large & old specimens can reach up to 2000 lbs ."	specimens	animals	ones	males	trunks	examples	creatures	strains	fossils	beings	recruits
"it was used to signify those who appreciated austen in the `` wrong '' way and the term , according to lynch , is `` now used almost exclusively about and against other people '' ."	signify	indicate	denote	represent	mean	designate	recognize	form	identify	label	rank
a committee of the institute appoints the laureates for the nobel prize in physiology or medicine .	laureates	nominees	winners	candidates	prizes	finalists	recipients	names	contenders	strikers	competitors
"montgomery county of the u.s. state of maryland is situated just north of washington , d.c. and southwest of baltimore ."	situated	located	positioned	placed	comprised	erected	centred	stationed	lodged	constituted	modelled
"this spelling was later corrupted to ouisconsin by other french explorers , and over time this version became the french name for both the wisconsin river and the surrounding lands ."	version	form	name	title	word	variation	variant	translation	portion	copy	mix
"several people required rescue assistance , and in comal county a car accident caused three fatalities ."	caused	led	had	forced	killed	involved	started	triggered	decided	explained	connected
"schigolch removes the body while geschwitz contemplates suicide , an idea she gives up when she realizes that lulu will not be moved by it ."	removes	takes	destroys	receives	collects	repairs	pulls	separates	transfers	extracts	performs
"anti-tank dogs were dogs taught to carry explosives to tanks , armored vehicles and other military targets ."	targets	objects	structures	weapons	objectives	vehicles	obstacles	bases	locations	positions	prizes
"a historic organ was installed in it by the austrian firm rieger , in 1907 ."	installed	placed	built	mounted	erected	constructed	housed	exhibited	commissioned	implemented	inaugurated
"the birthday cake is traditionally highly decorated , and typically covered with lit candles when presented , the number of candles signifying the age of the celebrant ."	traditionally	typically	usually	generally	historically	often	normally	commonly	originally	predominantly	culturally
"he secured a top post at the vienna state opera in 1943 , eventually becoming music director ."	secured	obtained	attained	reached	settled	clinched	won	negotiated	found	garnered	scored
"the family - mother , father , old woman , young man , baby , and dog - are attempting to eat pieces of metal , such as chains , bicycle handlebars , and rifles ."	attempting	trying	able	about	beginning	seeking	preparing	likely	struggling	intending	appearing
"in wales , four church of england dioceses were disestablished in 1920 , becoming separated from the church of england in the process and subsequently becoming the church in wales ."	separated	independent	detached	isolated	divided	parted	segregated	divorced	distinct	estranged	distant
"in the 19th century and the first part of the 20th , baseball shoes were commonly black in color ."	commonly	generally	usually	often	typically	frequently	mostly	widely	popularly	notably	rarely
hydrostatic equilibrium occurs when compression due to gravity is balanced by a pressure gradient which creates a pressure gradient force in the opposite direction .	compression	pressure	expansion	acceleration	force	lift	deformation	tension	contraction	gravity	stretching
"the true cross is the name for physical remnants which , by a christian tradition , are believed to be from the cross upon which jesus was crucified ."	remnants	relics	objects	artifacts	elements	parts	fragments	structures	items	bones	images
"seafloor spreading occurs at mid-ocean ridges , where new oceanic crust is formed through volcanic activity and then gradually moves away from the ridge ."	gradually	slowly	eventually	progressively	generally	then	steadily	successively	largely	systematically	mostly
in 1887 the school relocated to the east lake community of birmingham .	relocated	moved	removed	returned	migrated	shifted	transferred	displaced	transitioned	departed	constructed
"some han chinese believe they share common ancestors , mythically ascribed to the patriarchs yellow emperor and yan emperor , some thousands of years ago ."	mythically	traditionally	supposedly	famously	variously	usually	sometimes	later	falsely	allegedly	wrongly
"simms works alongside co-host and designer daniel kucan to redecorate a room of a home in just two days and with only $ 2,500 ."	redecorate	decorate	design	transform	paint	restore	create	remake	change	prepare	reform
"pikachu is among the most recognizable pokì©mon , largely because a pikachu is a central character in the pokì©mon anime series . pikachu is widely considered the most popular pokì©mon , is regarded as the official mascot of the pokì©mon franchise , and has become an icon of japanese culture in recent years ."	considered	regarded	thought	called	deemed	believed	recognized	titled	named	recorded	respected
harvey became a strong extratropical storm during the night on august 8 and survived another few days before dissipating northwest of the azores on august 14 .	survived	continued	lasted	endured	lived	stayed	persisted	remained	lingered	last	tracked
"in response to the weather system , the american national weather service issued wind watches for the oregon coast ."	response	answer	addition	reply	reaction	reference	submission	order	return	competition	bow
it reached a peak position of number thirty-seven on the billboard hot modern rock tracks chart .	reached	achieved	attained	obtained	made	raised	peaked	scored	climbed	found	finished
"pskov is an ancient city located in the north-west of russia about east from the estonian border , on the velikaya river ."	located	situated	founded	,	established	placed	residing	positioned	discovered	resident	determined
the major scale may predominate the minor scale in western music because of its unique harmonic properties ; in particular the major third is much stronger in the harmonic series than the minor third .	particular	general	fact	instance	whole	example	consequence	precisely	term	namely	specially
"so impressed was rostropovich with his young pupil that at the end of her study with him , he declared her `` the only cellist of the younger generation that could equal and overtake own achievement . ''"	declared	called	proclaimed	announced	termed	deemed	pronounced	designated	claimed	stated	cried
"the marriage was marked from the outset by sexual passion and emotional insensitivity when tolstoy , on the eve of their marriage , gave her his diaries detailing his extensive sexual past and the fact that one of the serfs on his estate had borne him a son ."	outset	beginning	first	start	onset	commencement	inception	earliest	commencing	commenced	commence
"born as alfons karg , he was trained as a telecommunications technician , but soon became disenchanted with this profession ."	profession	occupation	practice	career	discipline	trade	specialization	hobby	method	ministry	ritual
"some features , however , are reminiscent of the scout movement ."	reminiscent	typical	characteristic	distinctive	echoes	those	reflective	customary	indicative	derivative	descriptive
the shinto pantheon alone consists of an uncountable number of kami .	consists	comprises	is	composed	includes	exists	speaks	occurs	originates	amounts	resides
this message earned saddam a great deal of popularity in many sectors of the arab world .	sectors	parts	areas	regions	segments	quarters	districts	spheres	categories	tracts	neighbourhoods
