"in march 1992 , linux version 0.95 was the first to be capable of running x. this large version number jump was due to a feeling that a version 1.0 with no major missing pieces was imminent ."	pieces	parts	components	bits	elements	features	items	sections	portions	chunks	tiles
much of the water carried by these streams is diverted .	diverted	shifted	routed	derived	generated	reclaimed	evacuated	regulated	skimmed	sourced	influenced
"harry also becomes the worthy possessor of the remaining deathly hallows : the invisibility cloak and the resurrection stone , hence becoming the true master of death ."	possessor	owner	host	heir	master	proprietor	successor	recipient	holder	chieftain	user
"escapologists escape from handcuffs , straitjackets , cages , coffins , steel boxes , barrels , bags , burning buildings , fish-tanks and other perils , often in combination ."	perils	hazards	dangers	parts	types	disasters	precautions	problems	buildings	distress	emergencies
"the storm continued , crossing the outer banks of north carolina , and retained its strength until june 20 when it became extratropical near newfoundland ."	retained	maintained	held	kept	remained	preserved	maintain	sustained	maintaining	maintains	conserved
the convent has been the official residence of the governor of gibraltar since 1728 .	residence	home	house	seat	mansion	dwelling	housing	household	headquarters	possession	domain
food is procured with its suckers and then crushed using its tough `` beak '' of chitin .	procured	obtained	picked	secured	acquired	plucked	prepared	purchased	selected	harvested	cultivated
"the united states convened a 13-nation conference of the international opium commission in 1909 in shanghai , china in response to increasing criticism of the opium trade ."	convened	held	summoned	assembled	hosted	organized	gathered	formed	instituted	reorganized	formulated
photosynthesis is vital for life on earth .	vital	essential	important	crucial	critical	fundamental	valuable	relevant	substantial	distinctive	lethal
"dodd simply retained his athletic director position , which he had acquired in 1950 ."	acquired	obtained	gained	purchased	attained	earned	secured	inherited	established	accumulated	amassed
"radiometric dating is a technique used to date materials , usually based on a comparison between the observed abundance of a naturally occurring radioactive isotope and its decay products , using known decay rates ."	abundance	concentration	quantity	amount	prevalence	quantities	occurrence	concentrations	excess	population	isotope
"bacterial contaminants are ubiquitous , and foods left unused too long will often acquire substantial amounts of bacterial colonies and become dangerous to eat , leading to food poisoning ."	substantial	large	significant	sizable	considerable	massive	extensive	vast	sufficient	greater	bulk
"tibooburra has an arid , desert climate with temperatures soaring above 40 celsius in summer , often reaching as high as 47 c ."	arid	dry	harsh	extreme	old	alternative	agricultural	isolated	ancient	exotic	steppe
"hanna meandered around the southeastern bahamas , weakening to a tropical storm while also dumping heavy rain on already-devastated haiti ."	meandered	wandered	moved	drifted	travelled	curved	traveled	circled	continued	flowed	twisted
"with the high gulf pressures - a ship reported a pressure of 1015.5 millibars less than 60 m from the storm center at the time it was upgraded to a tropical storm - alicia was unable to gain size , staying very small , but generated faster winds , and became a category 1 hurricane on august 16"	generated	got	produced	created	had	producing	reached	caused	gave	obtained	provided
"das rheingold is the first of the four operas that comprise der ring des nibelungen , by richard wagner ."	comprise	constitute	form	are	formed	contain	constitutes	make	contains	forms	represent
a frenulum is a small fold of tissue that secures or restricts the motion of a mobile organ in the body .	secures	holds	maintains	ensures	facilitates	binds	prevents	establishes	guarantees	regulates	captures
"helen hunt has been recognized extensively in her career . in 1998 she become the second actress to win a golden globe award , an academy award and an emmy award in the same year ."	career	life	work	profession	lifetime	history	industry	success	performance	activity	comeback
"when wotan refuses to abandon his `` free hero '' , fricka lays bare his self-deception : siegmund is in no sense independent since his fate has been pre-ordained by wotan , who has even indirectly led him to find the magic sword ."	refuses	decides	chooses	fails	agrees	threatens	begins	declines	continues	insists	vows
"the storm never approached land during its lifespan , and no damage or casualties were reported ."	casualties	fatalities	injuries	deaths	losses	incidents	disturbances	ratings	survivors	memorials	indicators
"the purpose of public speaking can range from simply transmitting information , to motivating people to act , to simply telling a story ."	transmitting	providing	communicating	sending	receiving	broadcasting	delivering	distributing	presenting	conducting	possessing
"published by tor books , it was released on august 15 , 1994 in hardcover , and in paperback on july 15 , 1997 ."	released	published	issued	launched	opened	sold	reissued	announced	distributed	found	stated
"in many circumstances , these investments can be less expensive than fossil fuel energy systems ."	circumstances	situations	conditions	cases	occasions	instances	contexts	scenarios	environments	surroundings	combinations
"following the death of schidlof from a heart attack in 1987 , the amadeus quartet disbanded ."	disbanded	formed	reformed	reunited	reorganized	ceased	relocated	contracted	departed	faltered	perished
"by 1960 he had developed the short story into a screenplay , and envisaged it as containing a suitable role for monroe ."	envisaged	regarded	considered	imagined	intended	identified	contemplated	interpreted	planned	arranged	organised
"with poor sales of the a340-200 , airbus decided to use the fuselage of the a340-200 with the wings and engines of the a330-300 ."	fuselage	body	layout	chassis	plane	structure	cockpit	backbone	building	fabric	shape
"the last event was held on june 11 , 2000 , not to be held again due to the acquisition of wcw by world wrestling federation ."	acquisition	purchase	absorption	takeover	ownership	unification	administration	consolidation	amalgamation	activation	interception
kowal suggested the name and the iau endorsed it in 1975 .	endorsed	approved	adopted	sanctioned	sponsored	supported	ratified	affiliated	embraced	upheld	accredited
dry air wrapping around the southern periphery of the cyclone eroded most of the deep convection by early on september 12 .	periphery	edge	fringe	rim	edges	outskirts	apex	nucleus	quadrant	margins	curvature
"brief additional internal links are generally tolerated when used to facilitate communication or to provide general information , but undesirable if seen as canvassing for some purpose ."	tolerated	permitted	acceptable	recognized	accepted	encouraged	allowed	recognised	welcomed	safe	preserved
"alfonso drops the marriage contract in front of the officers , and , when they read it , they become enraged ."	enraged	angry	agitated	furious	angered	upset	outraged	unhappy	alarmed	impatient	aggravated
"the overland expedition , also called the overland relief expedition or point barrow-overland relief expedition , was an expedition in the winter of 1897-1898 by officers of the united states revenue cutter service to save the lives of 265 whalers trapped in the arctic ocean by ice around their ships near point barrow , alaska ."	expedition	mission	campaign	undertaking	effort	enterprise	operation	attempt	excursion	initiative	endeavor
"located on the river pedieos and situated almost in the center of the island , it is the seat of government as well as the main business center ."	situated	located	placed	positioned	perched	constructed	erected	practically	concentrated	centred	lodged
"iero thought that it would be difficult to promote the album himself , if released through his own label , with his current obligations to my chemical romance and the other bands signed to his label ."	obligations	commitments	responsibilities	commitment	duties	ties	debts	allegiance	contracts	relations	mandate
"it has now been determined that europa is a prograde rotator , but the exact direction in which its pole points remains ambiguous ."	ambiguous	unclear	uncertain	unknown	vague	obscure	unspecified	elusive	unchanged	binary	undisclosed
"the bishops ceded the oversticht to the emperor charles v in 1528 , who styled himself `` lord of overijssel '' , thereby giving the province its modern name ."	ceded	surrendered	relinquished	donated	bequeathed	transferred	granted	pledged	leased	conceded	subdued
"many parts of odessa were damaged during its siege and recapture on 10 april 1944 , when the city was finally liberated by the red army ."	siege	blockade	battle	besieged	bombardment	capture	conquest	garrison	campaign	combat	occupation
"the city was first founded by the british in 1827 , who leased the island from spain during the colonial period ."	leased	occupied	took	rented	received	ruled	obtained	contracted	borrowed	licensed	ceded
"in reference to the landscape , bush describes a wooded area , intermediate between a shrubland and a forest , generally of dry and nitrogen-poor soil , mostly grassless , thin to thick woody shrubs and bushes , under a sparse canapy of eucalypts ."	sparse	thick	dense	thin	scattered	scarce	loose	faint	brief	distinctive	marginal
"the theory of incentive compatibility that hurwicz developed changed the way many economists thought about outcomes , explaining why centrally planned economies may fail and how incentives for individuals make a difference in decision making ."	incentives	rewards	opportunities	outcomes	profits	choices	punishments	subsidies	unions	inputs	protections
"the axe , or ax , is an implement that has been used for millennia to shape , split and cut wood , harvest timber , as a weapon and a ceremonial or heraldic symbol . the axe has many forms and specialized uses but generally consists of an axe head with a handle , or helve ."	implement	instrument	object	axe	expression	equipment	item	tool	ax	invariant	artifact
but critics note that francis galton did not advocate coercion when he defined the principles of eugenics .	advocate	promote	propose	support	encourage	represent	imply	embrace	oppose	recommend	affiliate
"after its sale in 1998 , it merged into festival mushroom records ."	merged	integrated	amalgamated	consolidated	unified	reorganized	combined	linked	grouped	went	combines
cobra and tango and cash did solid business domestically but overseas they did blockbuster business grossing over $ 100 million in foreign markets and over $ 160 million worldwide .	grossing	earning	netting	scoring	totaling	generating	investing	and	peaking	logging	purchasing
"triangles can also be classified according to their internal angles , measured here in degrees ."	classified	subdivided	grouped	categorized	divided	distinguished	identified	graded	differentiated	regarded	reassigned
"later describing the experience as a `` nightmare , '' she was able to phone joe dimaggio from the clinic , who immediately traveled from florida to new york to facilitate her transfer to the columbia presbyterian medical center , where she remained for three weeks ."	facilitate	coordinate	permit	accommodate	initiate	oversee	supervise	perform	prompt	guide	administer
"the pennines constitute the main watershed in northern england , dividing the eastern and western parts of the country ."	constitute	are	represent	form	comprise	is	possess	occupy	represents	compose	comprises
"they locate food by smell , using sensors in the tip of their snout , and regularly feast on ants and termites ."	snout	nose	noses	beak	tail	tails	nostrils	muzzle	skull	forehead	nasal
"at present it is formed by the aa , which descends from the rigi and enters the southern extremity of the lake ."	extremity	part	end	arm	half	portion	edge	section	region	tip	boundary
"specialized english operates in the civil society sector , and the developers aspire to make programs for a variety of public service purposes , subject to resources being available ."	aspire	aim	strive	tend	attempt	seek	afford	undertake	claim	endeavour	endeavor
"in this case , a relatively large kernel with sophisticated capabilities is adapted to suit an embedded environment ."	sophisticated	advanced	complex	modern	diverse	integrated	diversified	elaborate	profound	customized	penetrating
this period spanned the years from 1278 through 1288 .	spanned	encompassed	encompasses	covered	across	embraced	reached	encompassing	grouped	monitored	clinched
"realising that the gang could not elude the police forever , moondyne joe formulated a plan to escape the colony by traveling overland to the colony of south australia ."	elude	escape	evade	avoid	face	dodge	flee	pursue	satisfy	leave	bypass
"southeastern oklahoma , also known by its official tourism designation , kiamichi country , encompasses the southeastern quarter of the state of oklahoma ."	encompasses	comprises	represents	incorporates	contains	constitutes	occupies	addresses	spans	preserves	surrounds
the a-train family comprises trains for both commuter services and limited express services .	comprises	includes	contains	encompasses	consists	employs	bundles	concerns	incorporates	constitutes	occupies
"in dna , adenine binds to thymine via two hydrogen bonds to assist in stabilizing the nucleic acid structures ."	binds	connects	bound	belongs	joins	bonds	corresponds	coordinates	moves	captures	engages
"in 2001 , unesco inscribed the 2,750-year-old city on the world heritage list as samarkand - crossroads of cultures ."	inscribed	listed	designated	declared	identified	stamped	proclaimed	incorporated	etched	assigned	integrated
"radames affirms that aida is the person he will marry , and aida convinces him to flee to the desert with her ."	affirms	declares	knows	says	agrees	believes	states	insists	confirms	asserts	concludes
"like many bolshevik artists , eisenstein envisioned a new society which would subsidize artists totally , freeing them from the confines of bosses and budgets , leaving them absolutely free to create , but budgets and producers were as significant to the soviet film industry as the rest of the world ."	envisioned	dreamed	imagined	depicted	conceived	anticipated	desired	proclaimed	advocated	contemplated	inaugurated
"forming in the western caribbean sea during the first week of november , hurricane gordon became the twelfth tropical depression , the seventh named tropical storm , and the third hurricane of the 1994 atlantic hurricane season . an erratic , long-lived system which remained a tropical storm for most of its existence , it followed a winding path through the western caribbean and into florida before strengthening into a category 1 hurricane and threatening north carolina ."	erratic	unusual	irregular	intense	eccentric	unpredictable	unstable	intermittent	uncertain	intermediate	unconventional
"the latter means basic or radical change ; whereas reform may be no more than fine tuning , or at most redressing serious wrongs without altering the fundamentals of the system ."	altering	affecting	changing	modifying	violating	disturbing	damaging	shifting	manipulating	abandoning	injuring
"the kyoto protocol was adopted at the third session of the conference of parties to the unfccc in 1997 in kyoto , japan ."	adopted	established	ratified	enacted	approved	chosen	endorsed	negotiated	elected	issued	convened
"from 1885 to 1901 , locomotives stopped at young tank to replenish their water ."	replenish	conserve	get	supply	maintain	fill	store	find	keep	feed	rescue
stone floor tiles tend to be heavier than ceramic tiles and somewhat more prone to breakage during shipment .	prone	susceptible	likely	frequent	vulnerable	liable	favorable	costly	tolerant	robust	hazardous
"to enjoy qin songs , one must learn to become accustomed to the eccentric style some players may sing their songs to , like in the case of zha fuxi ."	eccentric	unusual	unconventional	musical	eclectic	informal	particular	bizarre	irregular	different	erratic
a voluntary association or union is a group of individuals who voluntarily enter into an agreement to form a body to accomplish a purpose .	accomplish	achieve	serve	fulfill	pursue	attain	meet	realize	implement	satisfy	possess
"it is the teaching that , as a consequence of the fall of man , every person born into the world is enslaved to the service of sin and , apart from the efficacious or prevenient grace of god , is utterly unable to choose to follow god or choose to accept salvation as it is freely offered ."	efficacious	universal	inspired	ordinary	actual	original	irresistible	essential	abundant	inspiration	apparent
he was kidnapped and held by the notorious pirate peter easton in harbour grace .	notorious	infamous	famous	famed	legendary	ruthless	treacherous	reputed	famously	titular	outlawed
"as a result of this acquisition and the legal dispute with hearst corporation , mandrakesoft announced that the new company name would be mandriva , and that mandriva linux would be the new name covering products ."	dispute	conflict	battle	fight	settlement	argument	claim	contest	feud	confrontation	challenge
"despite almost daily reports of missing property , he was able to evade capture until 15 february , when a man named wimbow , who had been pursuing him with a partner for days , found him in an area of thick brush called liberty plains and shot him ."	evade	escape	avoid	dodge	resist	flee	survive	pursue	bypass	ignore	intercept
"he was born at plessiel , a hamlet of drucat near abbeville , to a long-established family of picardy , the great-nephew of the painter eustache le sueur ."	hamlet	village	part	parish	town	locality	portion	suburb	borough	settlement	community
the man in the high castle occurs in an alternate universe united states ruled by the victorious axis powers .	alternate	early	intermediate	extended	actual	original	unlikely	imagined	overall	earlier	interrupted
their quick acceleration makes them suitable for services with short intervals between stations .	suitable	useful	appropriate	unsuitable	ideal	convenient	relevant	sensible	fitting	favourable	unfit
aung san suu kyi returned to burma in 1988 to take care of her ailing mother .	ailing	sick	elderly	dying	aging	aged	ill	injured	struggling	poor	widowed
"progress in developing the tar was hindered by political and economic obstacles throughout the 1960s , 1970s and early 1980s ."	obstacles	barriers	opposition	challenges	difficulties	restrictions	hurdles	interference	opponents	opportunities	resistance
"in 1832 his family emigrated thence to belleville , ontario , where he apprenticed with the printer at the town newspaper , the belleville intelligencer ."	emigrated	migrated	moved	relocated	immigrated	escaped	resided	proceeded	embarked	perished	evacuated
"ohio state also announced in 2006 , that it would be designating at least $ 110 million of its research efforts to what it termed `` fundamental concerns '' such as research towards a cure for cancer , renewable energy sources and sustainable drinking water supplies ."	fundamental	essential	basic	major	vital	profound	substantive	substantial	aesthetic	elemental	biomedical
"long ago , there was a decision by the late former prime minister , rafik hariri , to restore the synagogue and surround it with a garden ."	restore	rebuild	recover	preserve	revive	repair	strengthen	conserve	ruin	reform	remake
"port arthur was also the destination for juvenile convicts , receiving many boys , some as young as nine arrested for stealing toys ."	juvenile	youth	young	male	teenage	youthful	adolescent	junior	runaway	jamaican	trainee
"notrium is played from a top-down perspective , giving an overhead view of proceedings ."	perspective	view	viewpoint	position	angle	vantage	projection	trajectory	vista	profile	premise
"the international re-formed in 1923 , and was reconstituted again , in its present form , after world war ii ."	reconstituted	reorganized	established	formed	reformed	reunited	organized	organised	dissolved	constituted	once
the amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .	tributaries	streams	derivatives	headwaters	reservoirs	subsidiaries	satellites	drains	forks	affiliates	devotees
the sunnah is seen as crucial to guiding interpretation of the qur ` an .	crucial	vital	essential	important	key	critical	pivotal	necessary	relevant	fundamental	decisive
"the avesta is the primary collection of sacred texts of zoroastrianism , composed in the avestan language ."	composed	written	published	created	primarily	constructed	recorded	chiefly	formulated	formed	collected
"typically , the biggest difference between film and stage musicals is the use of lavish background scenery which would be impractical in a theater ."	lavish	rich	elaborate	extravagant	large	a	expensive	extensive	magnificent	costly	ornate
"following the hassles ' demise in 1969 , he formed the duo attila with hassles drummer jon small ."	demise	dissolution	death	downfall	breakup	formation	deaths	reformation	progression	termination	disruption
"there they signed a collective protest , and vowed their newspapers would continue to run ."	vowed	promised	swore	pledged	said	promising	proclaimed	decreed	guaranteed	stipulated	mandated
"the first amniotes , such as casineria , resembled small lizards and evolved from amphibian reptiliomorphs about 340 million years ago ."	resembled	were	represented	became	like	are	looked	reflected	featured	shaped	comprised
"in 1999 , a world tamil confederation was established to protect and foster tamil culture and further a sense of togetherness amongst tamils in different countries ."	foster	promote	develop	stimulate	safeguard	strengthen	maintain	protect	favour	govern	defend
"for much of the twentieth century it was used by the queensland government as a settlement for aboriginals considered guilty of such infractions as being " disruptive " , being pregnant to a white man or being born with  " mixed blood " ."	infractions	offences	crimes	violations	offenses	acts	things	conduct	abuses	actions	punishments
"historically , in the warm mediterranean and middle eastern climates , the courtyard served to accommodate the large number of worshippers during friday prayers ."	accommodate	facilitate	support	host	house	serve	contain	shelter	absorb	harbor	relocate
john mccain polled 62.5 % in the 2008 presidential election while 70.9 % of utahns opted for george w. bush in 2004 .	opted	voted	chose	wished	elected	decided	vote	voting	campaigned	picked	accounted
"throughout most of the film , his only true friend , aside from his mother , is the mouse , timothy - a relationship parodying the stereotypical animosity between mice and elephants ."	animosity	relationship	rivalry	hostility	friendship	relations	conflict	sentiment	character	contention	aggression
"the band is known for its large line-up , which consists of nine members ; including a vocalist , two guitarists , a bassist , two percussionists in addition to a primary drummer , a sampler , and a turntablist ."	vocalist	singer	drummer	bassist	keyboardist	pianist	frontman	soprano	rapper	chorus	protagonist
digital signatures are equivalent to traditional handwritten signatures in many respects ; properly implemented digital signatures are more difficult to forge than the handwritten type .	forge	achieve	secure	break	verify	identify	trace	replicate	manipulate	fake	recognise
"his linguistic capacity , thoughts and speeches correspond to those of modern man , including a vast knowledge about history , politics , philosophy and literature ."	vast	broad	large	deep	comprehensive	thorough	wide	profound	great	substantial	complete
"recent archaeological evidence may indicate an edomite nation as long ago as the 11th century bc , but the topic is controversial and others argue that the 8th or 9th century dates are correct ."	evidence	material	findings	record	support	information	data	activity	witness	trace	archaeology
triton was revealed to have remarkable active geysers and polar caps .	remarkable	both	unusually	large	notable	numerous	moderately	133	demonstrated	dramatically	demonstrate
"polar bear fur consists of a layer of dense underfur and an outer layer of guard hairs , which appear white to tan but are actually transparent ."	transparent	opaque	clear	glass	white	yellow	yellowish	visible	thicker	thinner	clearer
the most common reason for erecting a khachkar was for votive reasons - for the salvation of the soul of either a living or a deceased person .	deceased	dead	dying	departed	murdered	living	distant	childless	widowed	defunct	interred
"scene 2 : the doctor rushes by the captain in the street , who urges him to slow down ."	urges	encourages	encouraged	advises	leads	orders	causes	influences	commands	invites	organizes
warner also set a super bowl record by attempting 45 passes without a single interception .	attempting	making	trying	completing	failing	beginning	covering	appearing	achieving	initiating	addressing
"a carotenoid dye , crocin , allows saffron to impart a rich golden-yellow hue to dishes and textiles . saffron has further medicinal applications ."	golden-yellow	yellow	reddish	crimson	scarlet	red	yellowish	brown	floral	colored	metallic
the revival of lute in the 20th century revitalized the interest of composers in the instruments of the lute family .	revival	resurgence	renaissance	recovery	restoration	rebirth	reunion	promotion	surge	resort	salvage
urepel is a commune in the pyrì©nì©es - atlantiques department in south-western france .	south-western	western	west	northern	central	northwestern	eastern	northwest	aquitaine	metropolitan	vichy
"geì_lson de carvalho soares or simply geì_lson , is a striker ."	striker	footballer	drummer	goalkeeper	guitarist	pseudonym	vocalist	forward	midfielder	name	sprinter
"lancelot de carles called her `` beautiful with an elegant figure '' , and a venetian in paris in 1528 also reported that she was said to be beautiful ."	reported	noted	said	recorded	wrote	described	stated	remarked	claimed	related	pronounced
"in 2005 , benson collaborated with artist jamie mckelvie on a short story within the image comics collection four letter worlds ."	collaborated	worked	partnered	teamed	appeared	participated	consulted	embarked	reunited	starred	coincided
beaurieux is a commune in the department of aisne in picardy in northern france .	department	district	region	province	area	canton	valley	division	arrondissement	prefecture	commune
he is notable as a performer of australian traditional folk songs in an authentic style .	performer	singer	vocalist	producer	presenter	musician	practitioner	soloist	specialist	competitor	coordinator
"fired by enthusiasm , tolstoy returned to yasnaya polyana and founded thirteen schools for his serfs ' children , based on ground-breaking libertarian principles tolstoy described in his 1862 essay `` the school at yasnaya polyana '' ."	enthusiasm	passion	excitement	ambition	imagination	hostility	activity	fire	interest	optimism	motivation
"companies may also take out strike insurance prior to an anticipated strike , to help offset the losses which the strike would cause ."	companies	they	firms	it	businesses	employers	you	organizations	we	corporations	people
"in 2006 , nippon ichi released a sequel called for the playstation 2 , as well as a 12 episode long anime titled makai senki disgaea ."	titled	called	named	entitled	,	series	by	.	labeled	program	directed
"the false gharial , also known as the malayan gharial , false gavial , or tomistoma is a fresh-water reptile resembling a crocodile with a very thin and elongated snout , which is thicker than the gharial ."	elongated	long	oval	angled	extended	elliptical	shaped	abbreviated	distorted	eccentric	lengthy
"he held several senior positions in the royal flying corps during world war i , serving as the commander of royal flying corps in france from 1915 to 1917 ."	senior	prominent	leadership	command	major	leading	supervisory	important	commanding	prestigious	subordinate
"fernando navarro i corbacho is a spanish footballer who currently plays for sevilla fc , as a left defender ."	defender	back	midfielder	player	guard	winger	footballer	cornerback	hitter	deputy	competitor
"throughout recorded history , several cosmologies and cosmogonies have been proposed to account for observations of the universe ."	observations	measurements	reflections	aspects	discoveries	appearances	investigations	findings	classifications	occurrences	abnormalities
saint-montan is a commune in the ardì¬che department in south-eastern france .	department	district	region	division	valley	commune	canton	province	diocese	arrondissement	nationale
"the term is also at times used as a derogatory term for films or sequels of films that are of inferior quality , or are not expected to find financial success ."	derogatory	negative	general	generic	slang	descriptive	neutral	controversial	marketing	sarcastic	provocative
the hush sound is currently on hiatus .	hiatus	break	pause	vacation	hold	tour	holiday	board	rehearsals	pauses	disco
"mainstream music denotes music that is familiar and unthreatening to the masses , as for example popular music , pop music , middle of the road music , pop rap or soft rock ; mainstream jazz is generally seen as an evolution of be-bop , which was originally regarded as radical ."	denotes	comprises	implies	is	indicates	means	describes	signifies	incorporates	identifies	⇒
edwards attended west buckland school where his potential for the triple jump was spotted at an early age .	potential	talent	capacity	ability	variety	desire	prospective	promise	flair	opportunity	caliber
"inheriting a collapsing empire and faced with constant warfare during his reign against both the seljuk turks in asia minor and the normans in the western balkans , alexios was able to halt the byzantine decline and begin the military , financial , and territorial recovery known as the `` komnenian restoration '' ."	reign	rule	time	tenure	life	throne	dynasty	campaign	kingdom	coronation	era
"in the census of 2005 , the population of the banja luka region was at 709,000 residents , predominantly serb ."	residents	inhabitants	people	members	individuals	population	settlers	immigrants	speakers	serbs	canadians
"monte plata is a province of the dominican republic , and also the name of its capital city . it was split from san cristì_bal in 1992 ."	province	city	district	region	town	municipality	part	department	county	division	governorate
it is sent as an http header by a web server to a web browser and then sent back unchanged by the browser each time it accesses that server .	accesses	visits	uses	enters	addresses	encounters	attacks	reaches	hits	updates	abstracts
"in contrast , the 2007 micropì_dia has roughly 65,000 articles , the vast majority of which contain fewer than 750 words , no references , and no named contributors ."	fewer	less	more	greater	smaller	lesser	larger	richer	weaker	poorer	wilder
"by 1961 , gordy had appointed robinson vice-president of motown records , a title robinson held for as long as gordy remained with the company ."	remained	stayed	was	became	retained	persisted	traveled	resided	continued	existed	lingered
from 1908 to 1911 he was the principal conductor of the vienna hofoper succeeding gustav mahler ; he retained the conductorship of the vienna philharmonic until 1927 .	retained	held	maintained	remained	kept	continued	relinquished	preserved	maintains	upheld	defended
"mexican cinnamon hot chocolate is traditionally served alongside a variety of mexican pastries known as pan dulce and , as in spain , churros ."	traditionally	typically	commonly	usually	historically	also	generally	uniquely	famously	formerly	consequently
slaves were previously introduced by the british and french who colonized the island in the 18th century .	introduced	brought	established	imported	employed	mentioned	added	found	educated	reintroduced	injected
"cholera , sometimes known as asiatic or epidemic cholera , is an infectious gastroenteritis caused by enterotoxin-producing strains of the bacterium vibrio cholerae ."	strains	cells	varieties	bacteria	spores	species	organisms	cultures	versions	mutations	generations
a hurricane struck dominica and puerto rico between july 22 and july 24 .	struck	reached	hit	ravaged	touched	formed	affected	penetrated	visited	fractured	protected
"in 1975 the old district steinfurt was merged with the district tecklenburg , and together with greven and saerbeck from the former district mì_nster the current district was formed ."	formed	created	established	founded	born	made	shaped	found	composed	reformed	shape
"it was discovered by a team of astronomers led by brett j. gladman , et al . in 2003 ."	discovered	found	determined	studied	named	identified	published	detected	located	established	founded
"cyanobacteria , also known as blue-green algae , blue-green bacteria or cyanophyta , is a phylum of bacteria that obtain their energy through photosynthesis ."	obtain	gain	derive	get	acquire	attain	gather	achieve	generate	derives	aggregate
she finally divorced monroe in 1947 and also split with guy .	split	broke	went	reunited	lived	divided	separated	got	left	merged	married
crissì© is a commune in the sarthe department in the pays de la loire region in north-western france .	region	area	valley	department	,	province	in	division	league	promotion	loire
"dan pulled in ruth marie as a fifth person in his alliance , but after losing another immunity challenge , sally convinced the la mina men that she was a more valuable player ."	convinced	persuaded	told	taught	informed	fooled	helped	influenced	inspired	and	motivated
"greater armenia is an armenian irredentist political goal aimed at uniting with armenia most of the armenian highland , the historical homeland of the armenians since antiquity up until the armenian genocide when they were massacred and forcefully expelled by the ottoman turkish government ."	forcefully	subsequently	eventually	then	later	completely	illegally	violently	overwhelmingly	presumably	lastly
"lightcurve data for europa has been particularly tricky to interpret , so much so for a long time its period of rotation was in dispute despite numerous observations ."	tricky	difficult	complicated	challenging	complex	tough	tight	problematic	crucial	colourful	elusive
it is typically used for scraping or cutting food before the food enters the esophagus .	scraping	cutting	slicing	peeling	picking	wiping	cleaning	eating	hammering	churning	smoothing
"city of faizabad is the headquarters of faizabad district and a municipal board in the state of uttar pradesh , india , situated on the banks of river ghaghra ."	headquarters	center	capital	chief	city	offices	seat	centre	hq	administration	terminus
the name kalganup is believed to be the noongar word for ` place of many waters ' .	believed	thought	said	known	assumed	considered	understood	likely	presumed	expected	estimated
romano fogli is an italian retired footballer and former manager .	retired	former	born	professional	veteran	active	senior	current	football	experienced	bass
it overwinters in conifer groves .	conifer	pine	oak	the	cedar	birch	walnut	redwood	temperate	a	linden
"in mid-june 2006 , the slab was crumbling in frequent rockfalls , although it was still being extruded ."	extruded	constructed	erected	built	used	drilled	raised	formed	rebuilt	stamped	rescued
the billionaire of dismal downs is a scrooge mcduck comic by don rosa . it is the ninth of the original 12 chapters in the series the life and times of scrooge mcduck .	series	book	collection	books	title	miniseries	original	novel	line	comic	comics
"hms guardian set out before the convict ships but struck ice after leaving the cape of good hope , returned to southern africa and was wrecked on the coast ."	returned	went	came	rose	back	traveled	turned	travelled	sailed	headed	proceeded
"the concept of a `` picture element '' dates to the earliest days of television , for example as `` bildpunkt '' in the 1888 german patent of paul nipkow ."	concept	idea	notion	term	character	definition	premise	theme	complex	phenomenon	forerunner
on 1 october 1983 the pilot project began operations as a full-fledged bank and was renamed the grameen bank to make loans to poor bangladeshis .	full-fledged	private	national	commercial	development	retail	separate	pilot	chartered	bangladeshi	bangladesh
a lesson is a structured period of time where learning is intended to occur .	structured	brief	short	regular	regulated	disciplined	designated	prescribed	fixed	coherent	mandatory
it has been suggested that eastern pacific ocean tropical cyclones are formed out of tropical waves that originate in north africa as well .	originate	occur	arise	begin	exist	arrive	arrived	hail	enter	intercept	converge
riel sought to preserve mì©tis rights and culture as their homelands in the northwest came progressively under the canadian sphere of influence .	sought	seeks	attempted	intended	desired	aimed	advocated	pursued	began	relocated	targeted
"they are characterized by spirituality and metaphysical themes , extremely long takes , lack of conventional dramatic structure and plot , and memorable cinematography ."	cinematography	imagery	photography	scenes	visuals	shots	sequences	filming	filmmaking	gameplay	cameras
seismograms are essential for measuring earthquakes using the richter scale .	essential	important	necessary	required	used	crucial	vital	needed	integral	fundamental	unique
"but , from time to time the church hierarchy , and even some popes , have given opinions on various matters ; although these `` guidelines '' are not binding on catholics , many tradition-minded catholics find them persuasive ."	persuasive	interesting	useful	valuable	authoritative	controversial	distinctive	misleading	desirable	reassuring	distracting
a haunted house is defined as a house that is believed to be a center for supernatural occurrences or paranormal phenomena .	occurrences	events	incidents	phenomena	experiences	observations	phenomenon	instances	illnesses	entities	assemblies
"glaciologically , ice age implies the presence of extensive ice sheets in the northern and southern hemispheres ; by this definition we are still in the ice age that began at the start of the pleistocene ."	definition	time	conception	criterion	interpretation	measure	determination	criteria	formulation	right	,
"from scarborough monday to saturdays there is generally an hourly first transpennine express service to york , leeds , manchester piccadilly and liverpool lime street and a two-hourly northern rail service to bridlington , hull and sheffield via the yorkshire coast line ."	generally	usually	normally	typically	also	commonly	currently	roughly	initially	consistently	broadly
"the county is divided into three areas of unorganized territory : dupree , north ziebach , and south ziebach ."	divided	split	subdivided	separated	broken	segregated	distributed	organized	located	fragmented	fractured
"the pittsburgh steelers are a professional american football team based in pittsburgh , pennsylvania ."	based	located	headquartered	found	residing	living	centered	formed	,	playing	born
"during the final immunity challenge , sandra fell out early , allowing jon to try to convince lil to take him to the final two ."	final	last	first	second	preliminary	initial	third	current	original	ultimate	following
"avian influenza virus h3n2 is endemic in pigs in china and has been detected in pigs in vietnam , increasing fears of the emergence of new variant strains ."	detected	discovered	found	spotted	recorded	diagnosed	demonstrated	investigated	intercepted	peaked	sighted
"and though often viewed as a youthful expression of rebellion by the mainstream media , modern punk embodies a range of age groups who generally disagree with the perceived of countercultural principals and it is not uncommon for middle-aged people to form punk houses and resistance movements in the face of what they view as the widespread , unfair exploitation of human and animal rights ."	exploitation	manipulation	oppression	abuse	suppression	repression	harvesting	occupation	utilization	representation	stimulation
groìùlangheim is a municipality in the district of kitzingen in bavaria in germany .	municipality	town	city	village	community	borough	township	commune	parish	valley	canton
"he received many awards , among them a posthumous special citation from the pulitzer prize board in 2007 for his `` masterful improvisation , supreme musicianship and iconic centrality to the history of jazz . ''"	received	got	earned	won	obtained	had	accepted	garnered	gained	took	collected
when a fair weather waterspout makes landfall it quickly dissipates as it loses the inflow of warm air into the vortex .	dissipates	collapses	spreads	dies	fades	sinks	drops	separates	leaves	forms	divides
"its purpose is to promote free trade and the fluid movement of goods , people , and currency ."	fluid	free	smooth	uniform	orderly	lateral	progressive	flexible	steady	liberal	peaceful
most of the state lies in an area known as tornado alley characterized by frequent interaction between cold and warm air masses producing severe weather .	interaction	impact	exchange	contact	influence	association	mixing	encounter	combination	activation	occurrence
the reservoir has a volume of 4.26 mio m and a surface area of 0.25 km .	reservoir	water	lake	dam	structure	pond	body	cylinder	facility	deposit	embankment
"after receiving the news of the important award , yunus announced that he would use part of his share of the $ 1.4 million award money to create a company to make low-cost , high-nutrition food for the poor ; while the rest would go toward setting up an eye hospital for the poor in bangladesh ."	announced	declared	proclaimed	stated	decided	promised	informed	ordered	proposed	unveiled	advertised
"phillip was appointed governor of new south wales , the first european colony on the australian continent , and was the founder of the site which is now the city of sydney ."	appointed	the	made	named	elected	also	a	installed	commissioned	became	established
toshiba was founded by the merging of two companies in 1939 .	merging	combining	fusion	unification	amalgamation	forming	union	linking	blending	grouping	signing
"after crossing florida , hurricane hunters indicated a poorly defined circulation , but with winds exceeding tropical storm strength , and the system was designated as tropical storm erika late on august 14 while located 85 miles west of fort myers ."	indicated	noted	observed	found	identified	determined	detected	examined	established	anticipated	outlined
eucalyptus forests in california have been criticised because they compete with native plants and do not support native animals .	criticised	condemned	questioned	attacked	characterised	challenged	recognised	disadvantaged	investigated	classed	implicated
"after the demise of the whl , however , the stanley cup was awarded exclusively to the nhl playoff champion , and the wales trophy was given to the regular season champion ."	exclusively	only	solely	primarily	directly	strictly	entirely	specifically	instead	independently	universally
"it was discovered and opened about the same time as crystal cave , but was closed by the owners in the 1940s ."	discovered	found	founded	rediscovered	uncovered	located	known	established	explored	developed	visited
italy purchased the city in 1905 and made mogadishu the capital of italian somaliland .	purchased	bought	acquired	sold	owned	captured	obtained	traded	controlled	chartered	patented
"sir terence david john pratchett , obe , more commonly known as terry pratchett , is an english novelist , known for his frequently comical work in the fantasy genre ."	novelist	author	writer	journalist	publisher	fictional	narrator	landlord	entertainer	protagonist	barrister
students are obligated to attend the central high school .	obligated	required	forced	expected	permitted	mandated	ordered	assigned	supposed	compelled	instructed
the technique consists of precoding the data so as to cancel the effect of the interference .	technique	method	principle	practice	procedure	pattern	signal	scheme	timing	discipline	phrase
"in 1989 , these diversified interests started growing into separate organizations , as the fisheries project became grameen motsho and the irrigation project became grameen krishi ."	organizations	groups	entities	structures	institutions	associations	interests	corporations	bodies	industries	outfits
"in august 1995 , the ttc suffered its worst subway accident in what it refers to as the russell hill accident , on the yonge-university-spadina line south of st. clair west station ."	suffered	had	experienced	lost	sustained	witnessed	saw	got	claimed	received	gained
"the short-beaked echidna is an iconic animal in contemporary australia , notably appearing on the australian five-cent piece and on a $ 200 commemorative coin released in 1992 ."	contemporary	western	modern	current	metropolitan	australian	postwar	southwestern	mainland	broader	everyday
gygax is generally acknowledged as the father of role-playing games .	generally	usually	often	commonly	widely	typically	broadly	universally	also	consistently	uniformly
"after 1910 , he spent the remainder of his life in moscow , working in the marfo-mariinsky convent ."	remainder	rest	majority	end	bulk	entirety	beginning	most	duration	course	balance
"situated 13 miles southeast of seattle , washington , renton straddles the southeast shore of lake washington ."	situated	located	positioned	about	found	approximately	seated	centred	perched	a	sprawled
"in the third book , harry potter and the prisoner of azkaban , rowling uses a time travel premise ."	premise	concept	storyline	paradigm	narrative	metaphor	hypothesis	base	backdrop	pun	template
yass is a prominent area for raising sheep which produce very fine wool due to the soil and climatic conditions of the yass area .	prominent	notable	leading	distinctive	prevalent	substantial	distinguished	distinct	predominant	desirable	sizable
"annual production of lego bricks averages approximately 20 billion per year , or about 600 pieces per second : if all the lego bricks ever produced were to be divided equally among a world population of six billion , each person would have 62 lego bricks ."	averages	is	reaches	totals	are	exceeds	comprises	,	encompasses	occurs	totaled
"historians are undecided if lincoln actually said this line , and in a letter that stowe wrote to her husband a few hours after meeting with lincoln no mention of this comment was made ."	undecided	uncertain	unsure	unclear	unknown	deciding	doubtful	debating	skeptical	divided	ambiguous
"the interest was so great that developers found themselves advertising the parks rather than their own developments , as the highest prices would exist for the park perceived to be best ."	advertising	marketing	promoting	selling	establishing	branding	identifying	targeting	announcing	employing	addressing
"it generally consists of a shallow pool of water , usually quite calm ."	generally	usually	typically	commonly	often	broadly	widely	otherwise	gradually	roughly	uniformly
a tropical cyclone strikes eastern cuba on september 28 .	strikes	reaches	hits	in	affects	forms	meets	makes	rocks	crosses	crashes
the romans believed the fumes produced by burning castoreum could induce an abortion ; paracelsus thought it could be used in the treatment of epilepsy ; and medieval beekeepers used it to increase honey production .	produced	created	generated	obtained	formed	made	released	caused	emitted	forged	recovered
"phosgene can be detected at 0.4 ppm , which is four times the threshold limit value ."	detected	observed	measured	discovered	recorded	monitored	found	sensed	spotted	diagnosed	recognised
"he invites his sister , may belle to enter terabithia ; she is delighted because she was previously denied any opportunity to enter ."	denied	refused	rejected	granted	barred	forbidden	deprived	afforded	suppressed	thwarted	permitted
"oat bread was first manufactured in england , where the first oat bread factory was established in 1899 ."	manufactured	produced	made	constructed	established	synthesized	conceived	formed	cultivated	regulated	pronounced
the trans-asian railway is a project to create an integrated freight railway network across europe and asia .	create	build	establish	make	form	develop	provide	become	construct	complete	include
"if the object has exactly the same density as the fluid , then its buoyancy equals its weight ."	fluid	water	liquid	material	gas	solid	medium	substance	volume	vapor	solvent
they have also been observed in captivity catching spiny dogfish of up to 3-4 feet in length .	observed	seen	reported	witnessed	recorded	found	identified	spotted	encountered	detected	evidenced
"in mid-november 2008 , president-elect obama and clinton discussed the possibility of her serving as u.s. secretary of state in his administration , and on november 21 , reports indicated that she had accepted the position ."	indicated	suggested	appeared	showed	stated	reported	announced	hinted	revealed	implied	conveyed
"outcast of redwall is a fantasy novel by brian jacques , published in 1995 ."	novel	book	story	series	fiction	thriller	tale	work	paperback	written	published
"with the others bailed out for various food items , tom was the last man standing and won immunity ."	various	different	other	certain	the	common	numerous	dubious	fancy	miscellaneous	alternative
"thus , on unification day , october 3 , 1990 , the german democratic republic ceased to exist , giving way to five new federal states , and east and west berlin were also unified as a single city , forming a sixth new federal state . the new federal states immediately became parts of the federal republic of germany , so that it was enlarged to include the whole territory of the former east germany ."	territory	area	land	region	state	country	population	part	space	portion	geography
"in the opening and middlegame , the king will rarely play an active role in the development of an offensive or defensive position ."	rarely	never	usually	not	occasionally	commonly	seldom	frequently	sometimes	periodically	regularly
the most troublesome situation usually occurs with short journeys from west to east .	troublesome	difficult	unpleasant	challenging	unfortunate	painful	deadly	violent	exciting	sinister	memorable
"barnes & noble , inc. is the largest book retailer in the united states , operating mainly through its barnes & noble booksellers chain of bookstores headquartered in lower fifth avenue in lower manhattan , new york city ."	headquartered	located	based	,	situated	anchored	residing	and	housed	concentrated	centered
hurricane-force wind gusts were reported in new england .	hurricane-force	strong	high	force	wind	strength	storm	two	moderate	higher	level
spain and luxembourg currently have bourbon monarchs .	currently	presently	now	also	typically	previously	briefly	concurrently	regularly	temporarily	subsequently
"the toys are similar to many other small plush toys , however , each webkinz toy has an attached tag with a unique `` secret code '' printed on it that allows access to the `` webkinz world '' website ."	unique	distinctive	special	different	distinct	specific	single	memorable	characteristic	recognizable	trademark
jamie farr is an american television and film actor and popular game show panelist .	panelist	host	personality	contestant	presenter	competitor	participant	judge	moderator	commentator	broadcaster
"however , the availability of suitable habitat is critical : forest must be neither too old nor too young ."	availability	abundance	absence	existence	acquisition	shortage	accessibility	occurrence	allocation	utilization	adaptation
"he enrolled at papanui high school , then university of canterbury , but for only one year ."	enrolled	studied	entered	began	registered	attended	was	enlisted	embarked	boarded	engaged
"famous for hosting the annual rose bowl football game and the tournament of roses parade , pasadena is the home of many leading scientific and cultural institutions , including the california institute of technology , pasadena city college , the jet propulsion laboratory , art center college of design , the pasadena playhouse , california school of culinary arts pasadena , the norton simon museum of art and the pacific asia museum ."	leading	renowned	prominent	major	important	international	famous	premier	eminent	pioneering	foremost
"bunch is a small unincorporated community in southwestern adair county , oklahoma , united states ."	community	town	area	village	settlement	city	location	township	locality	neighborhood	subdivision
the association of virtue with withdrawal from society - and specifically from cities - was a familiar theme in religious literature .	theme	motif	topic	feature	subject	element	metaphor	genre	issue	focus	thread
"she has three older brothers : aaron , benjamin , and nathaniel , the latter of whom is a model and actor ."	latter	former	last	other	younger	first	remainder	youngest	neither	pair	remaining
"before meeting the sacramento river , the san joaquin river has two distributary rivers , the old river and the middle river , both of which once were the main channels of the river . due to the bend in the san joaquin river channel at the head of the old river , a significant portion of the san joaquin river flow continues down the old river instead of heading northward along the san joaquin ."	significant	large	substantial	small	major	considerable	sizable	notable	smaller	noteworthy	sufficient
"the primary trinity included tinia , uni and menrva ."	primary	original	main	tertiary	secondary	greater	predominant	major	initial	distinct	hawaiian
"tolstoy was born in yasnaya polyana , the family estate in the tula region of russia ."	estate	property	home	house	mansion	seat	domain	office	plantation	enterprise	station
the earthquake engineering research institute is a leader in dissemination of earthquake engineering research related information both in the u.s. and globally .	research	study	radio	information	science	support	reference	reform	related	regional	ram
"notable former managers of notts county include jimmy sirrel , neil warnock , howard kendall and sam allardyce ."	former	current	past	previous	local	senior	recent	northern	once	deputy	male
"in addition to local research conducted at the radio telescope , parkes scientists have assisted nasa for several missions as a southern hemisphere relay and communications station ."	assisted	helped	joined	supported	aided	accompanied	consulted	provided	advised	participated	augmented
"volcanologists frequently visit volcanoes , especially active ones , to observe volcanic eruptions , collect eruptive products including tephra , rock and lava samples ."	frequently	often	regularly	commonly	typically	routinely	continually	consistently	repeatedly	widely	readily
"pool , also known as pocket billiards , is the general term for a family of cue sports played on a pool table with six receptacles called pockets along the , into which balls are deposited as the main goal of play ."	receptacles	holes	pockets	baskets	areas	compartments	sections	slots	spots	chambers	containers
"he normally appears in a running gag , where he usually suffers unfortunate , nearly always fatal , events ."	unfortunate	terrible	unexpected	unpleasant	tragic	fortunate	unhappy	ordinary	accidental	exceptional	unacceptable
most digital media are based on translating analog data into digital data and vice-versa .	translating	converting	turning	rendering	writing	encoding	interpreting	copying	mapping	expressing	representing
"wrestlers portrayed a villain or a hero as they followed a series of events that built tension , and culminated into a wrestling match or series of matches ."	villain	character	foe	nemesis	antagonist	boss	goddess	ally	loser	partner	valet
"not to be confused with `` terms '' in colloquial usages , the shortened form of technical terms which are defined within a discipline or speciality field ."	discipline	field	profession	specialty	specialization	department	division	domain	faculty	curriculum	sector
a `` dune field '' is an area covered by extensive sand dunes .	extensive	vast	large	substantial	widespread	numerous	expansive	a	enormous	lengthy	elaborate
107 camilla is one of the largest main belt asteroids .	largest	biggest	smallest	giant	major	youngest	big	smaller	northernmost	tallest	eldest
"first mentioned by the ancient greek geographer ptolemy , the pre-christian settlement of the saxon people originally covered an area a little more to the northwest , with parts of the southern jutland peninsula , old saxony and small sections of the eastern low countries ."	sections	portions	parts	areas	regions	segments	tracts	reaches	divisions	stretches	detachments
"jeanne demessieux had a prodigious memory : she had memorized more than 2,500 works , including the complete organ works of johann sebastian bach , cì©sar franck , franz liszt , felix mendelssohn and marcel duprì© ."	prodigious	great	good	remarkable	musical	brilliant	wonderful	unique	special	photographic	superior
"at the end of each season , a series of playoff games are contested among the top six teams in the nfc , consisting of the four division champions and the two other teams with the best win-loss records ."	contested	held	played	disputed	fought	competed	determined	sought	arranged	comprised	coveted
veritas and undina would have been the largest fragments of that collision .	fragments	pieces	remnants	debris	bits	wreckage	pebbles	splinter	shards	survivors	chunks
after the partitions of poland in 1794 the area was annexed by prussia .	annexed	occupied	acquired	incorporated	administered	invaded	conquered	absorbed	integrated	ceded	unified
"the models initially had difficulty predicting the track of the depression and the forecasts from the national hurricane center reflected this , indicating that the depression would move towards texas ."	reflected	indicated	expressed	did	mirrored	echoed	recorded	mirror	addressed	displayed	matched
"a british nobleman , lord stanhope , took an interest in hauser and gained custody of him late in 1831 ."	gained	regained	took	obtained	acquired	retained	received	had	attained	got	assumed
"simon phillip cowell is an english music executive , television producer and entrepreneur ."	entrepreneur	businessman	founder	activist	philanthropist	author	presenter	inventor	proprietor	broadcaster	intellectual
the remnants of the depression persisted until 2 am edt at which time it was absorbed by a warm front .	absorbed	swallowed	reflected	enveloped	overwhelmed	engulfed	intercepted	integrated	adopted	merged	inherited
"a good measure of notability is whether someone has been featured in multiple , independent , reliable sources ."	multiple	numerous	two	several	other	many	primary	diverse	independent	single	overlapping
"it originally aired on the fox network in the united states on october 10 , 1991 ."	aired	appeared	broadcast	premiered	ran	featured	opened	screened	hosted	served	episode
religious law is explicitly based on religious precepts .	precepts	law	principles	beliefs	laws	practice	norms	belief	thought	principle	rights
"the principal greenhouse , in an art nouveau style with a modern metallic structure , resembles the mid-19th century crystal palace in london ."	resembles	echoes	features	depicts	suggests	represents	incorporates	recalls	reflects	mirrors	parallels
"metlink , formerly the met , is the marketing body and umbrella brand for public train , tram and bus transport operators in greater melbourne , victoria , australia ."	brand	company	label	organisation	group	name	business	body	banner	sponsor	mark
"on april 9 , 1919 , miss marcella sherwood , who supervised the mission day school for girls was bicycling round the city to close her schools when she was assaulted by a mob in a narrow street , the kucha kurrichhan , was beaten and left wounded ."	assaulted	attacked	beaten	harassed	ambushed	confronted	intercepted	approached	challenged	overwhelmed	tackled
"schoenberg refused , saying `` i would only make you a bad schoenberg , and you 're such a good gershwin already . ''"	refused	declined	insisted	replied	objected	rejected	protested	resisted	proposed	accepted	disagreed
"however media outlets soon found ways around the ban , initially by the use of subtitles , but later and more commonly by the use of an actor reading his words over the images of him speaking ."	initially	mainly	subsequently	first	primarily	largely	originally	principally	ultimately	firstly	early
"however , the new king , louis xviii , knew that ideas of nationalism and democracy still lingered in his country ; hence the establishment and signing of the charte constitutionnelle franì¤aise , the french constitution otherwise known as la charte ."	hence	and	thus	in	consequently	therefore	prompting	via	particularly	through	for
in 1873 mine employers attempted to introduce saturday afternoon and sunday shifts .	attempted	tried	began	failed	undertook	intended	elected	managed	sought	made	enacted
"he then settled in the avon valley , one of the most rugged and inaccessible places in the darling range ."	inaccessible	remote	isolated	accessible	uninhabited	challenging	mountainous	secluded	wilderness	untouched	unfamiliar
"the central planets are firmly under alliance control , but the outlying planets and moons resemble the 19th century american west , with little governmental authority ."	outlying	other	southern	western	peripheral	remote	southwestern	isolated	satellite	adjoining	associated
"in 1639 , williams established a baptist church in providence , rhode island , and clarke began a baptist church in newport , rhode island ."	established	founded	began	organized	started	formed	opened	set	erected	initiated	found
"while each edition of windows 2000 was targeted to a different market , they share a core set of features , including many system utilities such as the microsoft management console and standard system administration applications ."	core	common	basic	specific	similar	base	complementary	different	distinct	diverse	distinctive
"the first conflict between the british and the marathas was the first anglo-maratha war which began in 1774 and resulted in the 1782 treaty of salbai , by which the island of salsette , adjacent to bombay island , was ceded to the british , while bharuch was ceded to the maratha ruler scindia ."	adjacent	opposite	attached	next	analogous	contiguous	located	similar	corresponding	annexed	affiliated
openoffice.org calc is the spreadsheet component of the openoffice.org software package .	component	part	portion	section	element	subsidiary	unit	constituent	variant	subunit	subdivision
"the countess tells him it is only susanna , trying on her wedding dress ."	tells	told	says	informs	warns	convinces	asks	gets	hears	reads	leads
"early representations of the balalaika show it with anywhere from two to six strings , which resembles certain central asian instruments ."	representations	illustrations	depictions	drawings	performances	forms	appearances	versions	projections	indications	presentations
additional praise was given to its scope and future potential based on user-created content ; minor criticism was reserved for specific elements of the gameplay mechanics and level creation facilities .	elements	aspects	features	parts	items	principles	themes	portions	members	incidents	violations
"loamhedge is a fantasy novel by brian jacques , published in 2003 ."	published	released	written	republished	printed	completed	issued	launched	established	london	harper
"the eastern orthodox church accepts psalm 151 as canonical . roman catholics , protestants , and most jews consider it apocryphal ."	consider	think	believe	regard	keep	know	perceive	treat	recognize	declare	study
he aided the doukhobors in migrating to canada .	aided	helped	assisted	supported	led	encouraged	influenced	guided	assists	inspired	impaired
"it is a permissive license , meaning that it permits reuse within proprietary software on the condition that the license is distributed with that software . the license is also gpl-compatible , meaning that the gpl permits combination and redistribution with software that uses the mit license ."	permits	allows	enables	prohibits	encourages	grants	controls	regulates	forces	encompasses	constitutes
"the battalion is usually part of a regiment , group or a brigade , depending on the organizational model used by that service ."	usually	often	typically	commonly	a	always	generally	sometimes	normally	either	mostly
"intense feelings of resentment trigger the initial retaliation , which causes the other party to feel equally aggrieved and vengeful ."	retaliation	response	resentment	backlash	confrontation	hostility	revenge	vengeance	counterattack	rivalry	greeting
gravitational energy is the energy associated with the gravitational field .	associated	identified	related	corresponding	involved	affiliated	correlated	linked	attributed	interacting	synonymous
"the dead body of a human is referred to as a cadaver , or corpse ."	human	man	person	mortal	male	woman	vampire	pedestrian	passenger	civilian	barbarian
marshal manuel deodoro da fonseca became the first president of the republic of brazil after heading a military coup that deposed emperor pedro ii .	coup	junta	dictatorship	overthrow	revolt	government	revolution	rebellion	uprising	mutiny	insurrection
"slipknot is a heavy metal band formed by vocalist and percussionist anders colsefni , guitarists donnie steele and josh `` gnar '' brainard , bassist paul gray , drummer joey jordison and percussionist shawn crahan , in des moines , iowa ."	formed	founded	created	established	composed	started	assembled	began	initiated	begun	shaped
"the most recent goaltender to have scored a goal by deliberately shooting the puck into his opponents ' net was evgeni nabokov , in 2002 ."	deliberately	intentionally	purposely	accidentally	secretly	voluntarily	consciously	forcibly	famously	permanently	subtly
"following the withdrawal of the more powerful class 74 electro-diesels in 1977 , the class 73 is now unique on the british railway network ."	network	system	company	map	circuit	infrastructure	ring	record	property	track	label
"upon receiving its classification , the depression consisted of a partially exposed low-level center with deep convection occupying the northeastern semicircle ."	occupying	in	filling	entering	invading	comprising	throughout	encompassing	obtaining	assuming	undertaking
"these notable synagogues include ; the great synagogue of rome , the new synagogue , the leopoldstì_dter tempel , the grand choral synagogue , the great synagogue , the moscow choral synagogue , the great synagogue of florence , the great synagogue , plzen , the great synagogue , the ko ice orthodox synagogue , the novi sad synagogue , the szeged synagogue , the sofia synagogue and the great synagogue of oran ."	notable	prominent	major	significant	famous	several	famed	sizable	landmark	characteristic	typical
"most of the detainees were captured japanese and italian military personnel , on august 5 , 1944 at least 545 japanese pows attempted a mass breakout from the camp , in perhaps the largest prison escape in world history ."	breakout	escape	uprising	release	exodus	evacuation	retreat	escaping	rescue	mutiny	escapes
"vinaigrette is a mixture of salad oil and vinegar , often flavored with herbs , spices , salt , pepper , sugar , and other ingredients ."	ingredients	elements	components	substances	items	materials	additions	preparations	nutrients	constituents	influences
he supported the building of churches by distributing literature and providing ministers .	distributing	producing	spreading	supplying	promoting	providing	publishing	selling	administering	issuing	circulating
"as of the early 21st century , christianity has between 1.5 billion and 2.2 billion adherents ."	adherents	followers	members	converts	practitioners	devotees	disciples	subscribers	visitors	graduates	respondents
"many schools teach children to make sock puppets and then have the children put on shows or plays for the whole school with them , sometimes with all the sock puppets singing ."	singing	playing	performing	together	chanting	crying	dancing	screaming	yelling	leading	fighting
"the word cereal derives from ceres , the name of the roman goddess of harvest and agriculture ."	derives	comes	differs	distinguishes	descends	develops	stems	springs	arises	declines	romanized
"miramax films was last operated by daniel battsek who reported to rich ross , chairman of walt disney studios motion pictures ."	operated	owned	controlled	run	conducted	led	governed	overseen	employed	performed	orchestrated
he is portrayed by mark hamill .	portrayed	played	represented	depicted	performed	starred	written	character	voiced	featured	hosted
"super smash bros. was developed by hal laboratory , a nintendo second-party developer , during ."	developed	created	built	designed	played	evolved	redeveloped	written	conceived	programmed	hosted
the northern and western edges of the cotswolds are marked by steep escarpments down to the severn valley and the warwickshire avon .	escarpments	cliffs	slopes	hills	ridges	rocks	drops	terraces	valleys	declines	defences
"they renamed the place alcante or alcanatif which means port of salt , due to the old salt industry of phoenicians and romans ."	renamed	called	named	rebranded	changed	name	founded	styled	transformed	remade	corrupted
"it was founded in 1964 in hamilton , ontario by canadian hockey player tim horton and jim charade , after an initial venture in hamburger restaurants ."	founded	established	started	formed	created	launched	begun	located	born	discovered	incorporated
the annual mean temperature is 25 c ; regional mean temperatures range from 18 c in the heart of the cordillera central to as high as 27 c in arid regions .	annual	yearly	regional	daily	local	overall	current	average	biennial	absolute	eponymous
epistemology or theory of knowledge is the branch of philosophy concerned with the nature and scope of knowledge .	scope	range	concept	definition	framework	breadth	scale	locus	area	variety	duration
the process is termed lichenometry .	termed	regarded	entitled	named	designated	principally	pronounced	commenced	afforded	broadly	baptised
the name `` sea of cortì©s '' is the one preferred by most local residents .	residents	inhabitants	citizens	visitors	members	speakers	owners	locals	dwellers	practitioners	islanders
"the 1997 atlantic hurricane season officially began on june 1 , 1997 , and lasted until november 30 , 1997 ."	lasted	continued	stayed	ended	ran	existed	persisted	lived	stretched	went	numbered
this was the first time in survivor history that the two initial teams were not preselected by the producers .	preselected	chosen	selected	picked	named	announced	specified	decided	determined	drafted	coached
the geological community generally accepts this hypothesis because it best explains sedimentary deposits generally regarded as of glacial origin at tropical paleolatitudes and other enigmatic features in the geological record .	hypothesis	theory	model	conjecture	correlation	study	doctrine	consensus	paradigm	geology	alignment
"the hells angels , at the peak of their ` outlaw ' reputation , corralled lost children ."	corralled	had	and	gathered	killed	have	found	took	picked	co	kidnapped
the roof of the west stand is corrugated iron this also houses the main television gantry which is accessed from the upper tier seating area by a temporary ladder .	tier	level	stage	deck	floor	row	section	storey	sector	balcony	truss
"it gradually decayed into a surface low pressure trough , and developed into two disturbances ; one was centered 290 miles south-southeast of cape cod and another was located 200 miles south of cape hatteras , north carolina ."	gradually	slowly	steadily	eventually	subsequently	rapidly	progressively	soon	then	successively	continuously
"techno is a form of electronic dance music that emerged in detroit , michigan , us during the mid to late 1980s ."	emerged	appeared	arose	evolved	began	developed	originated	rose	flourished	surfaced	erupted
dhamtour has an average elevation of 1110 metres .	elevation	altitude	height	peak	average	enrollment	upland	incidence	attendance	acre	deposit
"while in cambrai he collaborated with nicolas grenon on a complete revision of the liturgical musical collection of the cathedral , which included writing an extensive collection of polyphonic music for services ."	included	was	involved	began	meant	required	covered	featured	encompassed	consisted	started
"it is also the only one of the former provinces of south africa not to undergo border changes , excluding the incorporation of bantustans ."	excluding	including	besides	preventing	principally	and	governing	prohibiting	qualifying	notwithstanding	albeit
"nevertheless , until the middle of the 20th century , agriculture dominated the canton ."	nevertheless	therefore	hence	nonetheless	subsequently	indeed	furthermore	consequently	accordingly	principally	reasonably
the chain accounted for 22.6 % of all fast food industry revenues in canada in 2005 .	accounted	responsible	composed	contributed	aimed	enrolled	participated	opted	concentrated	entertained	ain
"whatever the truth of the rumors , james required a royal match to preserve the stuart line ."	preserve	protect	save	maintain	destroy	keep	conserve	safeguard	seal	retain	survive
"in 2005 and 2006 , the bulgarian state railways begin operating desiro trains as part of a 67-million deal with siemens ag for a total of 25 diesel multiple units ."	operating	running	employing	using	performing	conducting	serving	utilizing	executing	broadcasting	engaging
this category contains articles about albums released on island records .	contains	includes	incorporates	features	encompasses	provides	has	lists	addresses	identifies	describes
their heaviest defeats in the league were 10 - 1 against fulham in 1963 and 9 - 0 against manchester united in 1995 .	heaviest	largest	biggest	worst	greatest	highest	longest	deepest	strongest	respective	tallest
"uniquely among mammals , these teeth are continuously replaced throughout life , with new teeth growing at the rear as older teeth fall out from farther forward in the mouth ."	continuously	gradually	steadily	periodically	regularly	repeatedly	extensively	permanently	substantially	manually	fundamentally
"it is also known as a clothes iron , flat iron , or smoothing iron ."	smoothing	rough	flat	washing	covering	straightening	winding	spreading	finishing	sweeping	grinding
some of the first inhabitants of gili trawangan were from sulawesi who are fishermen and farmers .	inhabitants	residents	settlers	people	citizens	dwellers	occupants	immigrants	peoples	arrivals	owners
"thousands of videos exist on youtube of users showing the original video to their friends and taping their reactions , although some videos seem to be staged ."	taping	recording	watching	filming	showing	monitoring	documenting	observing	measuring	demonstrating	logging
"however , on 13 april 2008 , before the completion of the initial five years , it was announced that bryce was to become the next governor-general of australia ."	initial	first	subsequent	final	following	previous	additional	original	inaugural	immediate	incoming
"kasem is best known by name as a music historian and disc jockey , most notably as host of the weekly american top 40 radio program from 1970 to 1988 , and again from march 1998 until january 10 , 2004 , when ryan seacrest succeeded him ."	program	show	series	broadcast	host	format	station	chart	segment	countdown	personality
"liriodendron tulipifera , commonly known as the american tulip tree , tulip poplar or yellow poplar , is the western hemisphere representative of the two-species liriodendron genus and the tallest eastern hardwood ."	commonly	also	popularly	widely	often	generally	formerly	colloquially	informally	locally	professionally
"another allegation asserts that during the previous year , on saint bartholomew 's day , vlad had 30,000 of the merchants and officials of the transylvanian city of bra ov impaled for breaking his authority ."	asserts	states	establishes	declares	identifies	maintains	claims	is	concerns	emphasizes	recounts
"the result is a region of braided streams , marshes , and lakes the size of belgium ; the seasonal floods make the delta extremely productive for both fishing and agriculture ."	extremely	highly	incredibly	exceptionally	remarkably	immensely	intensely	overwhelmingly	moderately	severely	exceeding
"during one event , german charley attempting to prevent the theft of a racehorse from the coombing park stables was shot to death by mickey bourke ."	prevent	stop	avoid	protect	deter	prohibit	halt	ensure	intercept	interrupt	block
the cheetah hunts by vision rather than by scent .	vision	sight	perception	eyes	image	imagination	seeing	sights	blindness	lightning	imagery
"spun yarns may contain a single type of fiber , or be a blend of various types . combining synthetic fibers with natural fibers is very common ."	various	several	different	numerous	certain	differing	diverse	similar	myriad	common	prevalent
"the character may be speaking his or her thoughts aloud , directly addressing another character , or speaking to the audience , especially the former ."	character	protagonist	person	personality	actor	individual	figure	hero	role	guest	persona
"the aar , a tributary of the rhine , is the longest river that both rises and ends entirely within switzerland ."	rises	begins	raises	rose	arises	increases	originates	forms	springs	peaks	arose
"the atmosphere was so intense that gì¦ring , in a telephone call that evening , stated : `` there is unbelievable jubilation in austria ."	stated	said	declared	wrote	announced	spoke	noted	expressed	asserted	exclaimed	specified
"the intent is to display the likeness , personality , and even the mood of the person ."	intent	purpose	objective	ambition	emphasis	desire	effort	expression	premise	organization	alignment
kavirondo is the former name of the region surrounding kavirondo gulf as well as of two native peoples living there under the regime of british east africa .	former	current	original	previous	past	traditional	historic	defunct	historical	nominal	prior
"they are a type of reporter gene used in laboratory microbiology , molecular biology , and genetic engineering to indicate the success of a transfection or other procedure meant to introduce foreign dna into a cell ."	indicate	determine	identify	signal	confirm	demonstrate	mark	denote	represent	document	designate
several other hollywood films are also believed to have been inspired by bollywood films .	inspired	influenced	motivated	adapted	informed	popularized	prompted	affected	spawned	triggered	modelled
"winchester college was founded in 1382 by william of wykeham , bishop of winchester and chancellor to both edward iii and richard ii , and the first seventy poor scholars entered the school in 1394 ."	scholars	students	boys	men	children	fellows	brothers	pupils	persons	sons	slaves
they consider the period of 1917 to 1991 to have been a period of occupation by the soviet regime which was internationalist and anti-christian .	regime	government	state	union	dictatorship	administration	rule	party	programme	kingdom	ruler
microsoft windows includes an implementation of ssl and tls as part of its secure channel package .	implementation	interpretation	interpreter	encoding	infrastructure	element	endorsement	amalgamation	arrangement	expression	edition
"he proceeded to the franco-prussian war in 1870 , and , being taken prisoner at vaucouleurs , he remained in french captivity for three months ."	proceeded	went	travelled	returned	undertook	marched	attended	participated	embarked	advanced	commenced
"pind dadan khan tehsil is a subdivision of jhelum district , punjab , pakistan ."	subdivision	division	part	municipality	tehsil	township	portion	locality	constituent	component	sector
"although these reports did not contain any scores or rankings , the evaluation report for paris was considered the most positive , now followed closely by london which had narrowed down most of the gap observed by the initial evaluation in 2004 regarding paris ."	considered	deemed	probably	regarded	generally	declared	arguably	thought	judged	called	pronounced
"the island of ireland lies only 30 k from the southwestern peninsula of kintyre ; norway is 305 k to the east and the faroes , 270 k to the north ."	peninsula	tip	coastline	part	gulf	cape	point	region	wedge	punta	peak
men are supposed to come to the mosque wearing loose and clean clothes that do not reveal the shape of the body .	reveal	show	hide	reflect	tell	change	conceal	betray	disclose	disguise	display
"the kingdom of the franks under charlemagne was particularly hard-hit by these raiders , who could sail down the seine with near impunity ."	impunity	certainty	ease	freedom	immunity	terror	independence	liberty	difficulty	anarchy	mastery
"one day , she was given a home in ìðstergì¦tland as a gift by some rich women after she had cured them successfully and treated them ."	successfully	properly	,	well	effectively	completely	unsuccessfully	positively	correctly	extensively	peacefully
"gumbasia , a 3 minute 34 second short film produced in 1953 , was the first clay animation produced by art clokey , who went on to create the classic series gumby and davy and goliath using the same technique ."	classic	television	popular	original	cartoon	famous	tv	landmark	1960s	legendary	iconic
"also , the sound of the regional language qawwali can be totally different from that of mainstream qawwali ."	mainstream	standard	conventional	classical	orthodox	regular	mass	metropolitan	ordinary	base	conglomerate
many people see al jazeera as a more trustworthy source of information than government and foreign channels .	trustworthy	reliable	valuable	important	credible	stable	accurate	powerful	authentic	desirable	favorable
"the epping ongar railway operates on a preserved railway along the final section of the old great eastern railway and london underground central line branch line between epping and ongar , with an intermediate station at north weald ."	final	last	first	closing	penultimate	second	terminal	end	concluding	intermediate	winding
"in the immunity challenge , koror had an early lead , but ulong made a slight comeback ."	slight	minor	brief	small	significant	major	substantial	strong	faint	gradual	subtle
"it is also widely believed that the size and number of connections in the prefrontal cortex relates directly to sentience , as the prefrontal cortex in humans occupies a far larger percentage of the brain than any other animal . as the brain has tripled in size over 5 million years of human evolution , the prefrontal cortex has increased in size sixfold ."	relates	refers	applies	corresponds	translates	connects	responds	compares	links	binds	engages
"during its boom times , beechworth town boasted a range of industries including , a tannery , jewellers , boot makers , a brewery , blacksmiths , livestock sale yards ."	livestock	cattle	and	animal	agricultural	animals	sheep	poultry	stock	meat	beef
"traditionally , after a long period of consuming gimjang kimchi during the winter , fresh potherbs and vegetables were popular for making kimchi . these kinds of kimchi were not fermented or even stored for long periods of time but were consumed fresh ."	period	time	duration	interval	term	range	stretch	portion	sequence	tenure	campaign
still visible throughout former east berlin are the characteristic `` ampelmì_nnchen '' on some pedestrian traffic lights .	characteristic	distinctive	typical	feature	features	distinct	signature	rare	memorable	decorative	trademark
"on 5 february 2007 , apple inc. and apple corps announced a settlement of their trademark dispute under which apple inc. will own all of the trademarks related to `` apple '' and will license certain of those trademarks back to apple corps for their continued use ."	announced	established	published	unveiled	reached	initiated	signed	inaugurated	ordered	informed	advertised
the head of ornitholestes was relatively small .	relatively	comparatively	fairly	moderately	typically	reasonably	generally	a	traditionally	currently	mana
"the northern part of the continent , covering much of siberia was also inaccessible to the steppe nomads due to the dense forests and the tundra ."	inaccessible	accessible	unknown	unavailable	invisible	exposed	isolated	uninhabited	accessibility	unfamiliar	inhabited
"while at trinity he became more focussed on music , for there he met the folk song collector cecil sharp and composer and folk song enthusiast ralph vaughan williams ."	focussed	concentrated	keen	centred	fixed	based	set	specialised	embarked	restricted	concentrate
canadian english is the variety of english used in canada . more than 26 million canadians have some knowledge of english .	variety	form	type	style	dialect	version	language	range	spelling	diversity	strain
whedon wanted to create something for television that was more character-driven and gritty than most modern science fiction .	create	make	do	write	develop	produce	establish	find	design	have	present
"fought on 22 august 1485 , the battle was won by the lancastrians . their leader henry tudor , earl of richmond , became the first english monarch of the tudor dynasty by his victory and subsequent marriage to a yorkist princess ."	monarch	king	sovereign	emperor	ruler	leader	regent	representative	royalty	rulers	founder
the books were later adapted into a television series and a feature film .	adapted	developed	turned	arranged	reworked	converted	evolved	adopted	transformed	elaborated	edited
"the mtr was immediately popular with residents of hong kong ; as a result , subsequent lines have been built to cover more territory . there are continual debates regarding how and where to expand the mtr network ."	immediately	instantly	initially	already	extremely	quickly	soon	unexpectedly	promptly	reasonably	directly
"it is bounded by munshiganj district and comilla district on the north , noakhali district , lakshmipur district and barisal district on the south , comilla district on the east , and meghna river , shariatpur district and munshiganj district on the west ."	bounded	bordered	formed	surrounded	contested	defined	located	protected	signed	encircled	contracted
then we see her deliberately contract cholera and be transferred to hospital .	transferred	relocated	shifted	diverted	assigned	donated	migrated	evacuated	reassigned	segregated	elevated
"darth maul appears in as the apprentice of sith lord darth sidious who sends him to capture queen padmì© amidala and eliminate the two jedi , qui-gon jinn and obi-wan kenobi ."	capture	catch	kidnap	take	trap	protect	control	arrest	claim	grab	rescue
this arrangement provided most of the agricultural labor throughout the middle ages .	provided	furnished	supplied	contained	formed	performed	composed	established	became	was	contracted
roadrunner records is a record label that concentrates primarily on heavy metal bands .	concentrates	focuses	works	focused	focus	plays	specializes	features	is	exists	promotes
"ashoka did not completely prohibit the killing of animals ; he prohibited gratuitous killings , he advocated restraint in the number that had to be killed for consumption , protected some of them , and in general condemned violent acts against animals , such as castration ."	prohibit	prevent	forbid	ban	eliminate	restrict	regulate	require	suppress	oppose	inhibit
"to reduce space and increase reading speed , virtually all braille books are transcribed in what is known as grade 2 braille , which uses a system of contractions to reduce space and speed the process of reading ."	reduce	save	minimize	preserve	lower	decrease	conserve	contain	address	reflect	resolve
this is a considerably higher total than that of any other european country .	considerably	significantly	slightly	much	substantially	notably	somewhat	comparatively	dramatically	noticeably	markedly
"apples require cross-pollination between individuals by insects ; all are self-sterile , and self-pollination is impossible , making pollinating insects essential ."	require	need	undergo	include	must	involve	demand	assume	are	employ	mandate
a final violent confrontation with police took place at glenrowan .	confrontation	encounter	clash	showdown	incident	dispute	interaction	skirmish	disturbance	manifestation	breakthrough
"a tropical wave , which had previously spawned tropical depression six , interacted with an upper-level low pressure area to develop an area of deep convection near hispaniola on july 23 , 2003 ."	previously	recently	initially	earlier	subsequently	formerly	briefly	since	similarly	successively	repeatedly
other females within the social group may assist in the birthing process and tend to the newborns .	newborns	babies	infants	infant	children	births	females	elderly	adolescents	teens	minors
his reign spanned the years from 809 through 823 .	spanned	encompassed	encompasses	covered	embraced	across	traversed	crossed	reached	leapt	clinched
"neem karoli was a life-long adept of bhakti yoga , and encouraged service to others as the highest form of unconditional devotion to god ."	highest	lowest	greatest	ultimate	only	supreme	deepest	largest	absolute	utmost	elevated
fives is a british sport believed to derive from the same origins as many racquet sports .	derive	come	originate	stem	develop	generate	descend	differ	arise	distinct	evolve
in 1269 it was the seat of a famous battle during the wars of guelphs and ghibellines and in 1479 it was besieged by neapolitan troops .	besieged	siege	occupied	attacked	fortified	stormed	captured	sacked	evacuated	encircled	raided
grì_nberg and fert have received a number of prestigious prizes and awards for their discovery and contributions to the field of spintronics including the 2007 nobel prize in physics .	received	won	earned	obtained	garnered	accepted	gained	given	awarded	collected	attained
"during their trip , aras and cirie made a pact for the final 2 ; while danielle and terry also conspired for their fate in the game during their time on exile ."	conspired	plotted	planned	struggled	suffered	fought	worked	battled	compromised	negotiated	played
gorgoneia that decorate the shields of warriors on mid-5th century greek vases are considerably less grotesque and menacing .	menacing	sinister	ominous	fearful	threatening	dangerous	terrifying	unpleasant	frightening	disturbing	enraged
"charon , discovered in 1978 at the united states naval observatory flagstaff station , is the largest satellite of the dwarf planet pluto . following the 2005 discovery of two other natural satellites of pluto , charon may also be referred to as pluto i. the new horizons mission is scheduled to visit charon and pluto in july 2015 ."	satellite	moon	star	sphere	part	body	target	spacecraft	twin	mirror	territory
"they are typically specified to withstand an impact of 3600 g and temperatures of over 1,000 c ."	typically	usually	generally	commonly	currently	frequently	consequently	uniquely	traditionally	subsequently	annually
"if k rei did exist , there is no evidence to suggest that the title tenn was used during the time period to which his reign has been assigned ."	evidence	reason	proof	indication	information	support	influence	attempt	testimony	witness	opportunity
"once a flourishing saxon riverport , it lies in the waveney valley and is a popular boating center ."	lies	lay	is	lays	stands	rests	sits	stretches	plays	falls	lands
the circuit cost approximately us $ 150 million to construct .	construct	build	create	establish	structure	manufacture	make	develop	commence	relocate	comprise
a page that is a redirect can be moved like any other page .	moved	changed	placed	shifted	transferred	relocated	transported	shuffled	migrated	advanced	positioned
"then cogswell asked gallaudet to travel to europe to study methods for teaching deaf students , especially those of the braidwood family in edinburgh , scotland ."	travel	go	journey	move	come	trip	return	visit	live	migrate	depart
"he is widely known for his roles as little joe cartwright in bonanza , charles ingalls in little house on the prairie , and jonathan smith in highway to heaven ."	widely	commonly	well	generally	also	internationally	broadly	popularly	best	universally	worldwide
"since minamoto no yoritomo launched the shogunate , the true power had been in the hand of the shoguns , who were mistaken several times for the emperors of japan by the chinese government ."	launched	started	created	established	founded	initiated	formed	began	inaugurated	unified	headed
swiss cheese is a generic name common to many countries for several related varieties of cheese which resemble the swiss emmental .	resemble	include	mimic	comprise	shape	represent	approximate	depict	recall	replicate	reproduce
"several of these tropical cyclones have caused deaths or heavy property damage , usually due to flooding caused by rain ."	caused	suffered	given	killed	produced	helped	marked	died	reached	claimed	influenced
"through these feedback processes , the cryosphere plays a significant role in global climate and in climate model response to global change ."	significant	major	large	substantial	critical	sizable	noteworthy	valuable	distinct	meaningful	comparable
about 20 % of patients with acute ischemic colitis may develop a long-term complication known as chronic ischemic colitis .	develop	have	form	establish	become	suffer	experience	show	demonstrate	display	contract
"fiction records is a uk formerly indie label , now wholly owned by polydor a subsidiary of universal music group , started by chris parry in 1978 that is best known as being the home of the cure for over 20 years ."	owned	sold	operated	acquired	controlled	held	bought	purchased	integrated	organized	funded
"alexander stepanovich popov was a russian physicist who first demonstrated the practical application of electromagnetic waves , although he did not apply for a patent for his invention ."	demonstrated	showed	discovered	performed	witnessed	exhibited	pioneered	displayed	made	manifested	advocated
"in nature , there is a strong evolutionary pressure for animals to blend into their environment or conceal their shape ; for prey animals to avoid predators and for predators to be able to sneak up on prey ."	conceal	hide	disguise	mask	reveal	camouflage	cloak	mirror	disguised	obscure	absorb
"in switzerland , the constitutional ban on absinthe was repealed in 2000 during an overhaul of the national constitution , although the prohibition was written into ordinary law instead ."	prohibition	ban	repeal	restriction	statute	constitution	banning	edict	injunction	premise	prescription
"one theory suggests that the source of the name is an ancient finnic language , in which it means `` dark '' and `` turbid '' ."	turbid	white	fair	yellow	dark	quiet	thin	dry	harsh	mad	mad
the geological composition of rock and soil dictates the type of shore which is created .	dictates	determines	defines	determine	determined	affects	regulates	.	is	define	establishes
"he held the imperial seal and could convene all other viziers to attend to affairs of the state ; the viziers in conference were called `` kubbealt viziers '' in reference to their meeting place , the kubbealt in topkap palace ."	convene	gather	summon	call	order	meet	organize	invite	counsel	prompt	assemble
"combining their observations with thermal measurements taken in november 2000 , the team estimated the size of the components of the system ."	observations	findings	studies	measurements	discoveries	experiences	images	investigations	recordings	errors	operations
"many beijing office towers were evacuated , including the building housing the media offices for the organizers of the 2008 summer olympics ."	towers	buildings	structures	blocks	units	complexes	offices	flats	cities	centers	centres
"the sculpture was made from the same weathering steel as the angel of the north sculpture , which gradually develops a tightly adhering oxide layer as it is exposed to the elements ."	gradually	slowly	progressively	eventually	steadily	successively	continuously	rapidly	soon	subsequently	notably
valzacchi and annina now offer their services to him .	services	support	assistance	skills	duties	expertise	fees	rights	professions	firms	salaries
"because carbon dioxide is released at a faster rate through the acid-base reaction than through fermentation , breads made by chemical leavening are called quick breads ."	released	produced	created	emitted	freed	discharged	liberated	stated	raised	evacuated	exhaled
"many publications , such as the suikoden world guide and suikoden encyclopedia , exist for the suikoden series , though the majority are only in japanese ."	exist	are	account	originate	appear	arise	survive	persist	excel	reside	occur
"as an adult , he was charged with a long list of crimes , including possession of counterfeit money , loitering and prowling , burglary , kidnapping and armed robbery ."	loitering	wandering	stalking	roaming	walking	drifting	lingering	sneaking	looting	jogging	gambling
"most baseball uniforms have the names and uniform numbers of players who wear them , usually on the backs of the uniforms to distinguish players from one other ."	distinguish	identify	separate	differentiate	recognize	protect	define	different	represent	designate	divide
it was founded where the nascent sydney to melbourne road crossed water in the form of the yass river .	nascent	developing	new	fledgling	early	original	precursor	forming	newborn	nas	concord
"heights are measured to the structural height , which includes architectural elements , but not communications spires or antennas , per the guidelines of the council on tall buildings and urban habitat ."	includes	contains	comprises	encompasses	covers	is	involves	represents	meets	combines	emphasizes
the decimal separator or decimal point or decimal comma is a symbol used to mark the boundary between the integral and the fractional parts of a decimal number in a positional numeral system .	boundary	border	frontier	distinction	difference	limit	ground	interface	barrier	division	intermediate
"the dam was completed in 1974 and was designed to store water from the indus river for irrigation and flood control , and for the generation of hydro-electric power ."	designed	built	constructed	intended	used	created	developed	equipped	redesigned	engineered	renovated
"particularly , community-building activities that are not strictly `` on topic '' may be allowed , especially when initiated by committed wikipedians with good edit histories ."	initiated	started	begun	organized	implemented	prompted	spearheaded	enacted	advocated	executed	anchored
xanten is also a popular filming location and the site of many concerts .	site	location	venue	home	scene	host	centre	center	subject	seat	source
"a reconnaissance aircraft flight into the system on september 20 reported a well-defined low and strong wind gusts in squalls as the system tracked into the northeastern gulf of mexico , along with limited and disorganized thunderstorm activity ."	tracked	moved	rolled	ran	broke	continued	raced	headed	climbed	fed	advanced
"in electronics , a voltage divider is a simple linear circuit that produces an output voltage that is a fraction of its input voltage . voltage division refers to the partitioning of a voltage among the components of the divider ."	produces	generates	has	makes	creates	gives	gets	outputs	yields	leaves	represents
the cynics were an influential group of philosophers from the ancient school of cynicism .	influential	important	early	educated	innovative	elite	eclectic	obscure	inspirational	authoritative	affluent
"arche belongs to the carme group , made up of irregular retrograde moons orbiting jupiter at a distance ranging between 23 and 24 gm and at an inclination of about 165 ."	irregular	regular	eccentric	the	minor	binary	elliptic	elliptical	unusual	chaotic	lunar
"loch ness is best known for the alleged sightings of the legendary loch ness monster , also known as `` nessie '' ."	legendary	mythical	famed	eponymous	fictional	aforementioned	fictitious	mythological	heroic	titular	mystical
"typically , a fast shutter speed will require a larger aperture to ensure sufficient light exposure , and a slow shutter speed will require a smaller aperture to avoid excessive exposure ."	avoid	prevent	eliminate	minimize	ensure	achieve	evade	prohibit	maintain	assure	approximate
"railways now bypass the three major falls , and much of the trade of central africa passes along the river , including copper , palm oil , sugar , coffee , and cotton ."	bypass	affect	traverse	loop	skirt	ignore	include	intercept	disregard	dismiss	discount
"security-enhanced linux is a linux feature that provides a mechanism for supporting access control security policies , including u.s. department of defense style mandatory access controls , through the use of linux security modules in the linux kernel ."	provides	includes	offers	presents	defines	establishes	is	contains	forms	develops	constitutes
"johns and williams would have spent the next seven months working on a government work party in the local area , before being transferred to millbank prison ."	transferred	moved	sent	relocated	assigned	reassigned	shifted	switched	promoted	deported	loaned
it lies on the southern side of lake constance .	lies	is	lays	sits	stands	rests	forms	plays	falls	runs	exists
"an england batting collapse resulted in an innings defeat , denying bradman the opportunity to bat again and so his career average finished at 99.94 ; if he had scored just four runs in his last innings , it would have been 100 . a story developed over the years that claimed bradman missed the ball because of tears in his eyes , a claim bradman denied for the rest of his life ."	resulted	culminated	occurred	concluded	led	ensued	reigned	yielded	terminated	participated	materialized
the croatia national football team represents the republic of croatia in international football .	represents	serves	hosts	leads	reflects	forms	supports	portrays	delegates	utilizes	depicts
"then , on august 15 , 1971 , united states president richard nixon announced that the united states dollar would no longer be convertible to gold , effectively ending the bretton woods system ."	convertible	equivalent	fixed	currency	subject	monetary	sovereign	nominal	coined	correlated	cuckoo
"after holding the title for just over a month , they dropped them to john cena and batista on the august 4 episode of raw ."	dropped	lost	slipped	gave	switched	changed	left	handed	dumped	abandoned	lowered
"in general relativity , the effects of gravitation are ascribed to spacetime curvature instead of a force ."	ascribed	attributed	assigned	referred	traced	likened	restricted	analogous	attached	allocated	accredited
it is rare and valuable in finer grades and has been prized as a gem and ornamental stone for thousands of years owing to its unique hue .	hue	colour	color	coloration	shade	appearance	quality	sheen	complexion	disposition	coloring
"for adam baldwin , who grew up watching westerns , the role of jayne cobb was particularly resonant ."	resonant	distinctive	memorable	vocal	significant	complex	emotional	melodic	surprising	volatile	res
"the sonata did not enter the mainstream repertoire , but it has been more recently championed by such pianists as marc-andr ì© hamelin ."	championed	popularized	explored	influenced	orchestrated	represented	showcased	rediscovered	endorsed	prized	highlighted
"a tuning fork or electronic tuning device may be used as a reference pitch , though in ensemble rehearsals often a piano is used ."	reference	standard	common	guide	fixed	relative	base	starting	supplementary	nominal	target
"peter became extratropical on december 11 , and was absorbed by a cold front shortly thereafter ."	thereafter	afterward	afterwards	after	subsequently	later	before	beforehand	northward	consequently	concurrently
"in 2003 , dushku appeared in wrong turn , a horror film in which she had the starring role , and the kiss , an independent comedy-drama ."	appeared	featured	starred	performed	was	acted	participated	debuted	began	played	portrayed
his fighting style is primarily judo but has been modified to fight without the use of a judogi .	primarily	mainly	predominantly	mostly	originally	largely	chiefly	typically	essentially	initially	predominant
"in 1901 , an independent governor was again appointed ."	appointed	elected	chosen	established	selected	installed	designated	employed	authorized	educated	exiled
the album primarily deals with social issues that the band points on through various songs .	points	focuses	comments	lines	works	touches	speaks	looks	draws	focused	takes
"ganymede and callisto , at their maximum separation , are the likeliest targets for potential naked-eye observation ."	potential	future	possible	prospective	current	sustained	likely	probable	distant	apparent	legitimate
word processing templates enable the ability to bypass the initial setup and configuration time necessary to create standardized documents such as a resume .	enable	provide	have	allow	facilitate	incorporate	ensure	possess	involve	afford	imply
a state religion is a religious body or creed officially endorsed by the state .	endorsed	approved	supported	sponsored	sanctioned	backed	affiliated	favored	funded	mandated	accredited
"the cibf was founded by the general egyptian book organisation , a government publishers and retailers group , in 1969 to coincide with celebrations of the 1000th anniversary of the founding of the city of cairo ."	founding	creation	establishment	beginning	building	formation	birth	naming	establishing	settling	renaming
"it initially was completely dark , but as voyager 2 approached the planet , a bright core developed and can be seen in most of the highest-resolution images ."	initially	originally	also	actually	previously	first	once	subsequently	briefly	ultimately	earlier
a perfectly elastic collision is defined as one in which there is no loss of kinetic energy in the collision . an inelastic collision is one in which part of the kinetic energy is changed to some other form of energy in the collision .	kinetic	mechanical	rotational	potential	physical	dynamic	the	momentum	total	collective	quantitative
"problems may arise particularly with disposable soft lenses ; if the surface tension between the lens and the finger is too great the lens may turn itself inside out ; alternatively it may fold itself in half . when the lens first contacts the eye , a brief period of irritation may ensue as the eye acclimatizes to the lens and also as dirt on the lens irritates the eye ."	irritation	confusion	agony	annoyance	amusement	frustration	tingling	friction	complaints	agitation	complaint
"mary toft , also spelled tofts , was an english woman from godalming , surrey , who in 1726 became the subject of considerable controversy when she tricked doctors into believing that she had given birth to rabbits ."	controversy	debate	scandal	criticism	publicity	dispute	discussion	notoriety	opposition	distinction	prominence
"sdlp leader john hume , mp , identified the possibility that a negotiated settlement might be possible and began secret talks with adams in 1988 ."	identified	recognized	described	recognised	determined	indicated	examined	observed	regarded	uncovered	designated
"a brief stint on go kart records saw the release of `` fly the flag '' , and now with their latest release of `` windward tides and wayward sails '' in 2003 finds them on union label group ."	latest	recent	current	newest	last	fresh	newer	previous	youngest	sour	nearest
it is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of union sportive du foyer de la rì©gie abidjan-niger .	matches	games	competitions	events	purposes	,	fixtures	contests	meetings	clubs	finals
"for the next several weeks , kozlov was interviewed on wwe programming , proclaiming his love for `` double double e '' but also began drawing a villainous response after declaring his superiority over whatever wrestlers were competing at the time , saying `` i could beat both of them . ''"	villainous	negative	sinister	fiery	deadly	sympathetic	feminine	monstrous	similar	forceful	loyalist
"according to kojiki , the entrance to yomi lies in izumo province and was sealed off by izanagi-no-mikoto upon his flight from yomi , at which time he permanently blocked the entrance by placing a massive boulder at the base of the slope that leads to yomi . upon his return to ashihara-no-nakatsukuni , izanagi noted that yomi is a `` polluted land '' ."	placing	putting	setting	positioning	moving	establishing	building	removing	installing	creating	constructing
"the rice plants in the strain can be bred to other rice strains or cultivars , and if desirable plants are produced , these are further bred to stabilize the desirable traits ; the stabilized plants that can be propagated and `` come true '' are given a cultivar name and released into production to be used by farmers ."	bred	related	compared	raised	mated	fed	matched	grown	crossed	mixed	reared
"due to their fast growth , the foremost benefit of these trees is their wood ."	foremost	chief	main	primary	sole	principal	paramount	premier	predominant	chiefly	principle
"its status as an official geological period was ratified in 2004 by the international union of geological sciences , making it the first new geological period declared in 120 years ."	ratified	declared	stipulated	secured	proclaimed	mandated	defined	resolved	notified	revoked	manifested
"more specifically , the term stratus is used to describe flat , hazy , featureless clouds of low altitude varying in color from dark gray to nearly white . a `` cloudy day '' usually features a sky filled with stratus clouds obscuring the disk of the sun ."	featureless	white	opaque	flat	dry	thin	circular	triangular	uniform	barren	homogeneous
"nuremberg was then an important and prosperous city , a center for publishing and many luxury trades ."	prosperous	wealthy	flourishing	rich	affluent	thriving	powerful	distinguished	desirable	diverse	distinct
super mario 64 is also characterized by featuring more puzzles than earlier mario games .	puzzles	challenges	characters	mysteries	games	clues	problems	squares	difficulties	solutions	constraints
their escapades earned them a cover shot and a nude pictorial in a playboy spread .	pictorial	photo	layout	visual	feature	photographic	nude	mural	cameo	silhouette	additive
"in 1971 , she witnessed the impoverished conditions of the trash collectors in cairo , egypt , and decided to live among them ."	witnessed	saw	observed	demonstrated	experienced	noticed	encountered	investigated	learnt	attained	strolled
"nearby there is the goobang national park , and peak hill which features an open cut mine that can be toured during holidays ."	features	has	includes	contains	is	houses	hosts	showcases	forms	boasts	resembles
"good friday , also called holy friday , black friday , or great friday , is a holiday observed primarily by adherents to christianity commemorating the crucifixion of jesus and his death at calvary ."	primarily	chiefly	solely	predominantly	typically	largely	commonly	worldwide	concurrently	prominently	nationwide
"as of , it lies at latitude 66 33 39 south of the equator ."	lies	is	lays	stands	rests	sits	resides	exists	lands	appears	measures
"along with herculaneum , its sister city , pompeii was destroyed , and completely buried , during a long catastrophic eruption of the volcano mount vesuvius spanning two days in 79 ad ."	eruption	outburst	explosion	event	episode	outbreak	ascent	volcano	evacuation	earthquake	blast
"human interference has nearly exterminated them in many areas , and , except for the beech forests of the austrian alps , forests of deciduous trees are rarely found ."	rarely	seldom	commonly	often	frequently	never	occasionally	usually	regularly	sparsely	periodically
"nakì¼m won , and yaxhìá was instructed to find a new campsite ."	instructed	told	ordered	commanded	directed	dispatched	advised	appointed	informed	entrusted	mandated
the sheer weight of the continental icecap sitting on top of lake vostok is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration .	contribute	lead	add	help	correspond	belong	donate	cause	participate	live	result
"the album peaked at number 10 on the u.s. billboard 200 chart , selling 48,397 copies in its first week of release ; it was eventually certified gold by the riaa in 2008 ."	certified	accredited	graded	registered	recorded	stamped	verified	deemed	ranked	proclaimed	logged
the adjacent town of gzhatsk was renamed gagarin in 1968 in his honor .	adjacent	nearby	neighboring	entire	surrounding	associated	eponymous	contiguous	subsequent	outlying	corresponding
"at backlash , benoit retained the world title , after he forced michaels to submit to the sharpshooter ."	forced	caused	demanded	persuaded	compelled	ordered	required	convinced	induced	helped	commanded
"during the first boer war , the city was besieged by republican forces in december 1880 and march 1881 ."	besieged	siege	attacked	evacuated	fortified	stormed	occupied	encircled	bombed	stranded	jailed
"one of the defining aspects of the nintendo gamecube is the rejuvenated relationship between nintendo and its licensees . unlike previous generations in which nintendo was seen by some as bullying its third-party game developers , nintendo openly sought game-development aid on the nintendo gamecube ."	rejuvenated	new	unique	dynamic	evolving	renewed	complex	healing	distinctive	ongoing	developing
none of your watched items were edited in the time period displayed .	edited	altered	modified	updated	preserved	incorporated	archived	amended	mirrored	integrated	educated
"originally made for the apple ii , they were later ported to other platforms ."	ported	adapted	translated	transferred	converted	released	licensed	localized	syndicated	serialized	docked
his work is displayed in the museum of modern art in yerevan .	displayed	featured	located	depicted	exhibited	showcased	residing	viewed	stored	interred	reorganized
"he was a prolific discoverer of asteroids , discovering 122 in all , from 136 austria in 1874 to 1073 gellivara in 1923 ."	discovering	finding	identifying	making	detecting	numbering	naming	locating	and	starting	attracting
"males usually weigh about 500 lbs , but very large & old specimens can reach up to 2000 lbs ."	specimens	males	animals	fossils	creatures	organisms	strains	examples	individuals	trunks	beings
"it was used to signify those who appreciated austen in the `` wrong '' way and the term , according to lynch , is `` now used almost exclusively about and against other people '' ."	signify	indicate	represent	denote	identify	distinguish	designate	recognize	recognise	address	affect
a committee of the institute appoints the laureates for the nobel prize in physiology or medicine .	laureates	candidates	nominees	judges	winners	nominee	prizes	recipients	winner	trustees	recipient
"montgomery county of the u.s. state of maryland is situated just north of washington , d.c. and southwest of baltimore ."	situated	located	found	positioned	placed	established	a	geographically	actually	erected	erected
"this spelling was later corrupted to ouisconsin by other french explorers , and over time this version became the french name for both the wisconsin river and the surrounding lands ."	version	name	word	form	title	variant	variation	also	spelling	eventually	pronunciation
"several people required rescue assistance , and in comal county a car accident caused three fatalities ."	caused	suffered	and	had	killed	forced	,	involved	occurred	started	formed
"schigolch removes the body while geschwitz contemplates suicide , an idea she gives up when she realizes that lulu will not be moved by it ."	removes	takes	destroys	receives	discovers	separates	moves	collects	oversees	rescues	terminates
"anti-tank dogs were dogs taught to carry explosives to tanks , armored vehicles and other military targets ."	targets	weapons	structures	vehicles	purposes	obstacles	positions	formations	engagements	installations	venues
"a historic organ was installed in it by the austrian firm rieger , in 1907 ."	installed	placed	erected	constructed	mounted	housed	inaugurated	established	planted	implemented	interred
"the birthday cake is traditionally highly decorated , and typically covered with lit candles when presented , the number of candles signifying the age of the celebrant ."	traditionally	typically	usually	historically	commonly	a	normally	consequently	uniquely	culturally	structurally
"he secured a top post at the vienna state opera in 1943 , eventually becoming music director ."	secured	held	took	attained	occupied	obtained	clinched	reached	earned	got	gained
"the family - mother , father , old woman , young man , baby , and dog - are attempting to eat pieces of metal , such as chains , bicycle handlebars , and rifles ."	attempting	trying	beginning	struggling	intending	preparing	determined	appearing	failing	aspiring	proceeding
"in wales , four church of england dioceses were disestablished in 1920 , becoming separated from the church of england in the process and subsequently becoming the church in wales ."	separated	distinct	independent	detached	estranged	isolated	divided	different	segregated	distant	autonomous
"in the 19th century and the first part of the 20th , baseball shoes were commonly black in color ."	commonly	often	generally	usually	typically	mostly	frequently	primarily	formerly	predominantly	popularly
hydrostatic equilibrium occurs when compression due to gravity is balanced by a pressure gradient which creates a pressure gradient force in the opposite direction .	compression	pressure	acceleration	force	expansion	contraction	deformation	movement	lift	gravity	vibration
"the true cross is the name for physical remnants which , by a christian tradition , are believed to be from the cross upon which jesus was crucified ."	remnants	elements	relics	fragments	items	traces	debris	ruins	artifacts	articles	shards
"seafloor spreading occurs at mid-ocean ridges , where new oceanic crust is formed through volcanic activity and then gradually moves away from the ridge ."	gradually	slowly	steadily	then	successively	eventually	progressively	generally	rapidly	continuously	systematically
in 1887 the school relocated to the east lake community of birmingham .	relocated	moved	shifted	removed	migrated	transitioned	departed	displaced	deployed	constructed	dispersed
"some han chinese believe they share common ancestors , mythically ascribed to the patriarchs yellow emperor and yan emperor , some thousands of years ago ."	mythically	variously	supposedly	famously	commonly	often	usually	loosely	popularly	falsely	wrongly
"simms works alongside co-host and designer daniel kucan to redecorate a room of a home in just two days and with only $ 2,500 ."	redecorate	design	decorate	create	make	transform	restore	remake	change	reform	complete
"pikachu is among the most recognizable pokì©mon , largely because a pikachu is a central character in the pokì©mon anime series . pikachu is widely considered the most popular pokì©mon , is regarded as the official mascot of the pokì©mon franchise , and has become an icon of japanese culture in recent years ."	considered	regarded	deemed	thought	recognized	known	believed	called	among	likely	respected
harvey became a strong extratropical storm during the night on august 8 and survived another few days before dissipating northwest of the azores on august 14 .	survived	lived	stayed	lasted	continued	endured	went	for	sustained	persisted	preserved
"in response to the weather system , the american national weather service issued wind watches for the oregon coast ."	response	answer	addition	reference	reaction	reply	order	relation	opposition	contrast	regard
it reached a peak position of number thirty-seven on the billboard hot modern rock tracks chart .	reached	achieved	attained	had	hit	obtained	made	got	peaked	climbed	scored
"pskov is an ancient city located in the north-west of russia about east from the estonian border , on the velikaya river ."	located	,	found	situated	residing	established	founded	living	-	placed	discovered
the major scale may predominate the minor scale in western music because of its unique harmonic properties ; in particular the major third is much stronger in the harmonic series than the minor third .	particular	general	fact	which	this	that	instance	addition	such	consequence	example
"so impressed was rostropovich with his young pupil that at the end of her study with him , he declared her `` the only cellist of the younger generation that could equal and overtake own achievement . ''"	declared	called	deemed	considered	proclaimed	made	designated	announced	pronounced	stated	termed
"the marriage was marked from the outset by sexual passion and emotional insensitivity when tolstoy , on the eve of their marriage , gave her his diaries detailing his extensive sexual past and the fact that one of the serfs on his estate had borne him a son ."	outset	beginning	start	first	onset	earliest	inception	commencement	beginnings	foundations	forefront
"born as alfons karg , he was trained as a telecommunications technician , but soon became disenchanted with this profession ."	profession	occupation	practice	industry	discipline	trade	hobby	sector	specialty	livelihood	technician
"some features , however , are reminiscent of the scout movement ."	reminiscent	typical	characteristic	distinctive	reflective	notably	indicative	derivative	symbolic	descriptive	customary
the shinto pantheon alone consists of an uncountable number of kami .	consists	exists	composed	includes	comprises	speaks	features	resides	occurs	portions	compose
this message earned saddam a great deal of popularity in many sectors of the arab world .	sectors	parts	regions	areas	segments	aspects	quarters	spheres	districts	tracts	strands
