"in march 1992 , linux version 0.95 was the first to be capable of running x. this large version number jump was due to a feeling that a version 1.0 with no major missing pieces was imminent ."	pieces	parts	components	items	portions	sections	digits	segments	problems	copies	errors
much of the water carried by these streams is diverted .	diverted	lost	distributed	concentrated	used	intercepted	found	reversed	reorganized	inverted	inverted
"harry also becomes the worthy possessor of the remaining deathly hallows : the invisibility cloak and the resurrection stone , hence becoming the true master of death ."	possessor	owner	host	master	recipient	receiver	holder	proprietor	benefactor	heir	bearer
"escapologists escape from handcuffs , straitjackets , cages , coffins , steel boxes , barrels , bags , burning buildings , fish-tanks and other perils , often in combination ."	perils	places	problems	dangers	lizards	rooms	hazards	disasters	chambers	gases	gases
"the storm continued , crossing the outer banks of north carolina , and retained its strength until june 20 when it became extratropical near newfoundland ."	retained	maintained	held	kept	preserved	remained	lost	gained	acquired	obtained	sustained
the convent has been the official residence of the governor of gibraltar since 1728 .	residence	house	home	seat	mansion	housing	possession	address	domain	dependency	haven
food is procured with its suckers and then crushed using its tough `` beak '' of chitin .	procured	obtained	distributed	picked	presented	furnished	dispersed	subdivided	concentrated	categorized	categorized
"the united states convened a 13-nation conference of the international opium commission in 1909 in shanghai , china in response to increasing criticism of the opium trade ."	convened	held	assembled	hosted	organized	formed	reorganized	mandated	coordinated	formulated	grouped
photosynthesis is vital for life on earth .	vital	important	essential	valuable	basic	living	crucial	fundamental	relevant	life	beneficial
"dodd simply retained his athletic director position , which he had acquired in 1950 ."	acquired	obtained	gained	established	attained	purchased	bought	secured	relinquished	achieved	arrived
"radiometric dating is a technique used to date materials , usually based on a comparison between the observed abundance of a naturally occurring radioactive isotope and its decay products , using known decay rates ."	abundance	values	value	decay	existence	presence	quantities	traces	isotope	elements	emission
"bacterial contaminants are ubiquitous , and foods left unused too long will often acquire substantial amounts of bacterial colonies and become dangerous to eat , leading to food poisoning ."	substantial	large	significant	small	sizable	considerable	certain	massive	larger	gigantic	harmful
"tibooburra has an arid , desert climate with temperatures soaring above 40 celsius in summer , often reaching as high as 47 c ."	arid	isolated	alternative	agricultural	ambiguous	unpleasant	intermediate	oriental	alternate	amber	abbreviated
"hanna meandered around the southeastern bahamas , weakening to a tropical storm while also dumping heavy rain on already-devastated haiti ."	meandered	moved	wandered	scattered	curved	bounced	traced	twisted	peaked	fragmented	fragmented
"with the high gulf pressures - a ship reported a pressure of 1015.5 millibars less than 60 m from the storm center at the time it was upgraded to a tropical storm - alicia was unable to gain size , staying very small , but generated faster winds , and became a category 1 hurricane on august 16"	generated	produced	created	caused	creating	causing	producing	attracting	became	provided	spawned
"das rheingold is the first of the four operas that comprise der ring des nibelungen , by richard wagner ."	comprise	constitute	contain	provide	are	conclude	form	make	consume	unite	aggregate
a frenulum is a small fold of tissue that secures or restricts the motion of a mobile organ in the body .	secures	holds	facilitates	maintains	helps	binds	organizes	assists	ensures	guarantees	captures
"helen hunt has been recognized extensively in her career . in 1998 she become the second actress to win a golden globe award , an academy award and an emmy award in the same year ."	career	life	history	work	period	name	performance	success	personality	role	fame
"when wotan refuses to abandon his `` free hero '' , fricka lays bare his self-deception : siegmund is in no sense independent since his fate has been pre-ordained by wotan , who has even indirectly led him to find the magic sword ."	refuses	fails	decides	begins	agrees	demands	threatens	chooses	unwilling	declines	insists
"the storm never approached land during its lifespan , and no damage or casualties were reported ."	casualties	fatalities	injuries	deaths	errors	losses	defects	damages	disturbances	crashes	indicators
"the purpose of public speaking can range from simply transmitting information , to motivating people to act , to simply telling a story ."	transmitting	receiving	communicating	distributing	obtaining	providing	sending	broadcasting	delivering	carrying	modifying
"published by tor books , it was released on august 15 , 1994 in hardcover , and in paperback on july 15 , 1997 ."	released	published	issued	found	distributed	sold	reissued	available	located	discovered	printed
"in many circumstances , these investments can be less expensive than fossil fuel energy systems ."	circumstances	situations	conditions	cases	occasions	instances	environments	contexts	combinations	settings	configurations
"following the death of schidlof from a heart attack in 1987 , the amadeus quartet disbanded ."	disbanded	reformed	formed	reorganized	reunited	ceased	fragmented	contracted	deteriorated	concentrated	concentrated
"by 1960 he had developed the short story into a screenplay , and envisaged it as containing a suitable role for monroe ."	envisaged	regarded	identified	established	saw	represented	recognised	portrayed	treated	interpreted	viewed
"with poor sales of the a340-200 , airbus decided to use the fuselage of the a340-200 with the wings and engines of the a330-300 ."	fuselage	body	wings	layout	lines	spectrum	plane	keel	buildings	dashboard	fabric
"the last event was held on june 11 , 2000 , not to be held again due to the acquisition of wcw by world wrestling federation ."	acquisition	purchase	merger	absorption	ownership	unification	organization	consolidation	activation	destruction	amalgamation
kowal suggested the name and the iau endorsed it in 1975 .	endorsed	approved	adopted	accepted	supported	sponsored	sanctioned	accredited	mandated	rejected	recommended
dry air wrapping around the southern periphery of the cyclone eroded most of the deep convection by early on september 12 .	periphery	edge	center	rim	centre	fringe	edges	margin	sector	quadrant	loop
"brief additional internal links are generally tolerated when used to facilitate communication or to provide general information , but undesirable if seen as canvassing for some purpose ."	tolerated	recognized	acceptable	permitted	accepted	favorable	desired	desirable	benign	sympathetic	beneficial
"alfonso drops the marriage contract in front of the officers , and , when they read it , they become enraged ."	enraged	angry	agitated	unhappy	furious	angered	anxious	impatient	crazed	aggravated	murderous
"the overland expedition , also called the overland relief expedition or point barrow-overland relief expedition , was an expedition in the winter of 1897-1898 by officers of the united states revenue cutter service to save the lives of 265 whalers trapped in the arctic ocean by ice around their ships near point barrow , alaska ."	expedition	adventure	excursion	event	journey	campaign	endeavor	undertaking	operation	assignment	traverse
"located on the river pedieos and situated almost in the center of the island , it is the seat of government as well as the main business center ."	situated	located	placed	found	positioned	established	concentrated	erected	nowadays	distributed	lodged
"iero thought that it would be difficult to promote the album himself , if released through his own label , with his current obligations to my chemical romance and the other bands signed to his label ."	obligations	commitments	duties	commitment	responsibilities	debts	ties	relationships	dates	contracts	debt
"it has now been determined that europa is a prograde rotator , but the exact direction in which its pole points remains ambiguous ."	ambiguous	unclear	uncertain	unknown	vague	unspecified	clear	obscure	unchanged	confusion	binary
"the bishops ceded the oversticht to the emperor charles v in 1528 , who styled himself `` lord of overijssel '' , thereby giving the province its modern name ."	ceded	surrendered	relinquished	sold	transferred	gave	conceded	leased	bequeathed	pledged	stipulated
"many parts of odessa were damaged during its siege and recapture on 10 april 1944 , when the city was finally liberated by the red army ."	siege	rescue	battle	combat	capture	conquest	blockade	occupation	counterattack	recapture	surrender
"the city was first founded by the british in 1827 , who leased the island from spain during the colonial period ."	leased	bought	rented	occupied	obtained	acquired	took	got	received	rent	contracted
"in reference to the landscape , bush describes a wooded area , intermediate between a shrubland and a forest , generally of dry and nitrogen-poor soil , mostly grassless , thin to thick woody shrubs and bushes , under a sparse canapy of eucalypts ."	sparse	scattered	dense	thick	loose	homogeneous	scarce	dispersed	diffuse	superficial	fictitious
"the theory of incentive compatibility that hurwicz developed changed the way many economists thought about outcomes , explaining why centrally planned economies may fail and how incentives for individuals make a difference in decision making ."	incentives	opportunities	rewards	salaries	entities	institutions	punishments	interpretations	sectors	freedoms	overtime
"the axe , or ax , is an implement that has been used for millennia to shape , split and cut wood , harvest timber , as a weapon and a ceremonial or heraldic symbol . the axe has many forms and specialized uses but generally consists of an axe head with a handle , or helve ."	implement	object	instrument	axe	item	expression	equipment	arm	apparatus	ax	assistant
but critics note that francis galton did not advocate coercion when he defined the principles of eugenics .	advocate	support	associate	propose	employ	oppose	practice	explore	recommend	affiliate	exhibit
"after its sale in 1998 , it merged into festival mushroom records ."	merged	transformed	amalgamated	changed	reorganized	integrated	formed	evolved	consolidated	grouped	reformed
cobra and tango and cash did solid business domestically but overseas they did blockbuster business grossing over $ 100 million in foreign markets and over $ 160 million worldwide .	grossing	earning	scoring	totaling	attracting	securing	investing	obtaining	netting	releasing	numbering
"triangles can also be classified according to their internal angles , measured here in degrees ."	classified	subdivided	divided	recognized	regarded	identified	differentiated	categorized	grouped	segregated	reassigned
"later describing the experience as a `` nightmare , '' she was able to phone joe dimaggio from the clinic , who immediately traveled from florida to new york to facilitate her transfer to the columbia presbyterian medical center , where she remained for three weeks ."	facilitate	assist	coordinate	accommodate	arrange	ease	order	guide	permit	prompt	aide
"the pennines constitute the main watershed in northern england , dividing the eastern and western parts of the country ."	constitute	are	represent	provide	comprise	possess	form	denote	resemble	compose	occur
"they locate food by smell , using sensors in the tip of their snout , and regularly feast on ants and termites ."	snout	nose	noses	beak	tails	nostrils	forehead	thumb	nasal	antennae	abdomen
"at present it is formed by the aa , which descends from the rigi and enters the southern extremity of the lake ."	extremity	part	end	region	portion	area	half	section	corner	compartment	department
"specialized english operates in the civil society sector , and the developers aspire to make programs for a variety of public service purposes , subject to resources being available ."	aspire	want	strive	aim	begin	cease	attempt	endeavor	desire	arise	endeavour
"in this case , a relatively large kernel with sophisticated capabilities is adapted to suit an embedded environment ."	sophisticated	complex	modern	precise	integrated	elaborate	customized	superficial	precision	diversified	eccentric
this period spanned the years from 1278 through 1288 .	spanned	represented	stretched	covered	lasted	studied	dated	linked	averaged	embraced	grouped
"realising that the gang could not elude the police forever , moondyne joe formulated a plan to escape the colony by traveling overland to the colony of south australia ."	elude	escape	avoid	evade	meet	satisfy	dodge	resist	delay	ignore	duplicate
"southeastern oklahoma , also known by its official tourism designation , kiamichi country , encompasses the southeastern quarter of the state of oklahoma ."	encompasses	defines	includes	occupies	represents	contains	spans	covers	addresses	captures	intersects
the a-train family comprises trains for both commuter services and limited express services .	comprises	includes	encompasses	consists	contains	provides	occupies	constitutes	sections	segments	denotes
"in dna , adenine binds to thymine via two hydrogen bonds to assist in stabilizing the nucleic acid structures ."	binds	connects	leads	joins	refers	corresponds	links	reacts	belongs	coordinates	anchors
"in 2001 , unesco inscribed the 2,750-year-old city on the world heritage list as samarkand - crossroads of cultures ."	inscribed	placed	listed	etched	engraved	designated	established	recorded	categorized	embedded	integrated
"radames affirms that aida is the person he will marry , and aida convinces him to flee to the desert with her ."	affirms	agrees	declares	states	confirms	says	believes	decrees	argues	asserts	doubts
"like many bolshevik artists , eisenstein envisioned a new society which would subsidize artists totally , freeing them from the confines of bosses and budgets , leaving them absolutely free to create , but budgets and producers were as significant to the soviet film industry as the rest of the world ."	envisioned	imagined	described	conceived	contemplated	created	depicted	desired	identified	represented	anticipated
"forming in the western caribbean sea during the first week of november , hurricane gordon became the twelfth tropical depression , the seventh named tropical storm , and the third hurricane of the 1994 atlantic hurricane season . an erratic , long-lived system which remained a tropical storm for most of its existence , it followed a winding path through the western caribbean and into florida before strengthening into a category 1 hurricane and threatening north carolina ."	erratic	orderly	unpredictable	intermittent	intense	irregular	unconventional	eccentric	elusive	unfamiliar	imaginative
"the latter means basic or radical change ; whereas reform may be no more than fine tuning , or at most redressing serious wrongs without altering the fundamentals of the system ."	altering	changing	modifying	affecting	bending	destroying	manipulating	disturbing	shifting	evolving	injuring
"the kyoto protocol was adopted at the third session of the conference of parties to the unfccc in 1997 in kyoto , japan ."	adopted	approved	agreed	ratified	recognized	accepted	endorsed	implemented	drafted	resolved	mandated
"from 1885 to 1901 , locomotives stopped at young tank to replenish their water ."	replenish	get	supply	restore	conserve	reclaim	drink	collect	share	rescue	retrieve
stone floor tiles tend to be heavier than ceramic tiles and somewhat more prone to breakage during shipment .	prone	susceptible	inclined	likely	resistant	frequent	dangerous	common	robust	hazardous	favorable
"to enjoy qin songs , one must learn to become accustomed to the eccentric style some players may sing their songs to , like in the case of zha fuxi ."	eccentric	unusual	unconventional	strange	extraordinary	authoritarian	imaginative	irregular	bizarre	crazy	erratic
a voluntary association or union is a group of individuals who voluntarily enter into an agreement to form a body to accomplish a purpose .	accomplish	achieve	fulfill	meet	implement	satisfy	realize	pursue	attain	obtain	possess
"it is the teaching that , as a consequence of the fall of man , every person born into the world is enslaved to the service of sin and , apart from the efficacious or prevenient grace of god , is utterly unable to choose to follow god or choose to accept salvation as it is freely offered ."	efficacious	inspired	original	miraculous	universal	loving	irresistible	human	personal	benevolent	benevolent
he was kidnapped and held by the notorious pirate peter easton in harbour grace .	notorious	famous	treacherous	famed	infamous	reformed	sinister	false	rosy	ruthless	fitzroy
"as a result of this acquisition and the legal dispute with hearst corporation , mandrakesoft announced that the new company name would be mandriva , and that mandriva linux would be the new name covering products ."	dispute	conflict	settlement	battle	confusion	quarrel	line	fight	problem	difference	contest
"despite almost daily reports of missing property , he was able to evade capture until 15 february , when a man named wimbow , who had been pursuing him with a partner for days , found him in an area of thick brush called liberty plains and shot him ."	evade	avoid	escape	resist	dodge	delay	pursue	survive	avoided	ignore	minimize
"he was born at plessiel , a hamlet of drucat near abbeville , to a long-established family of picardy , the great-nephew of the painter eustache le sueur ."	hamlet	town	part	commune	borough	place	region	locality	portion	segment	distortion
the man in the high castle occurs in an alternate universe united states ruled by the victorious axis powers .	alternate	parallel	old	original	intermediate	actual	early	ambiguous	earthly	eclectic	authoritarian
their quick acceleration makes them suitable for services with short intervals between stations .	suitable	useful	appropriate	unsuitable	good	attractive	fitting	convenient	favourable	competent	famous
aung san suu kyi returned to burma in 1988 to take care of her ailing mother .	ailing	dying	elderly	old	sick	aged	struggling	poor	older	failing	busy
"progress in developing the tar was hindered by political and economic obstacles throughout the 1960s , 1970s and early 1980s ."	obstacles	difficulties	problems	hurdles	restrictions	delays	barriers	opposition	gaps	objectives	blocks
"in 1832 his family emigrated thence to belleville , ontario , where he apprenticed with the printer at the town newspaper , the belleville intelligencer ."	emigrated	moved	immigrated	migrated	relocated	came	travelled	arrived	resided	traveled	transported
"ohio state also announced in 2006 , that it would be designating at least $ 110 million of its research efforts to what it termed `` fundamental concerns '' such as research towards a cure for cancer , renewable energy sources and sustainable drinking water supplies ."	fundamental	basic	major	human	substantive	common	vital	biomedical	elemental	federal	primal
"long ago , there was a decision by the late former prime minister , rafik hariri , to restore the synagogue and surround it with a garden ."	restore	rebuild	revive	recover	repair	regain	find	return	replace	remake	reunite
"port arthur was also the destination for juvenile convicts , receiving many boys , some as young as nine arrested for stealing toys ."	juvenile	youth	adult	youthful	young	many	adolescent	federal	junior	teenage	prospective
"notrium is played from a top-down perspective , giving an overhead view of proceedings ."	perspective	view	viewpoint	position	angle	vantage	prominence	profile	trajectory	orbit	vista
"the international re-formed in 1923 , and was reconstituted again , in its present form , after world war ii ."	reconstituted	reorganized	formed	dissolved	established	organized	reformed	assembled	restored	discharged	present
the amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .	tributaries	branches	segments	streams	derivatives	valleys	portions	forks	subsidiaries	confluence	runoff
the sunnah is seen as crucial to guiding interpretation of the qur ` an .	crucial	important	essential	vital	key	critical	necessary	pivotal	fundamental	synonymous	decisive
"the avesta is the primary collection of sacred texts of zoroastrianism , composed in the avestan language ."	composed	written	created	constructed	located	preserved	based	primarily	situated	formulated	extant
"typically , the biggest difference between film and stage musicals is the use of lavish background scenery which would be impractical in a theater ."	lavish	elaborate	complex	magnificent	expensive	costly	luxurious	customized	lush	ornate	chaotic
"following the hassles ' demise in 1969 , he formed the duo attila with hassles drummer jon small ."	demise	death	dissolution	victory	reunion	destruction	overthrow	reformation	liquidation	reorganization	reorganisation
"there they signed a collective protest , and vowed their newspapers would continue to run ."	vowed	promised	said	swore	pledged	proclaimed	proved	decreed	commanded	mandated	stipulated
"the first amniotes , such as casineria , resembled small lizards and evolved from amphibian reptiliomorphs about 340 million years ago ."	resembled	were	represented	became	like	formed	shaped	adapted	admired	studied	preserved
"in 1999 , a world tamil confederation was established to protect and foster tamil culture and further a sense of togetherness amongst tamils in different countries ."	foster	promote	maintain	safeguard	restore	provide	create	stimulate	protect	affect	implant
"for much of the twentieth century it was used by the queensland government as a settlement for aboriginals considered guilty of such infractions as being " disruptive " , being pregnant to a white man or being born with  " mixed blood " ."	infractions	offences	offenses	crimes	things	violations	acts	errors	actions	mistakes	incidents
"historically , in the warm mediterranean and middle eastern climates , the courtyard served to accommodate the large number of worshippers during friday prayers ."	accommodate	host	facilitate	serve	allow	address	assist	harbor	satisfy	assemble	intern
john mccain polled 62.5 % in the 2008 presidential election while 70.9 % of utahns opted for george w. bush in 2004 .	opted	voted	chose	worked	wished	volunteered	picked	switched	accounted	substituted	voting
"throughout most of the film , his only true friend , aside from his mother , is the mouse , timothy - a relationship parodying the stereotypical animosity between mice and elephants ."	animosity	relationship	relations	conflict	friendship	rivalry	relationships	interaction	interactions	similarity	parallels
"the band is known for its large line-up , which consists of nine members ; including a vocalist , two guitarists , a bassist , two percussionists in addition to a primary drummer , a sampler , and a turntablist ."	vocalist	singer	drummer	bassist	keyboardist	frontman	soprano	rapper	novelist	comedian	protagonist
digital signatures are equivalent to traditional handwritten signatures in many respects ; properly implemented digital signatures are more difficult to forge than the handwritten type .	forge	obtain	alter	change	bend	copy	identify	verify	duplicate	reproduce	fake
"his linguistic capacity , thoughts and speeches correspond to those of modern man , including a vast knowledge about history , politics , philosophy and literature ."	vast	large	wide	broad	great	comprehensive	gigantic	modern	sizable	thorough	profound
"recent archaeological evidence may indicate an edomite nation as long ago as the 11th century bc , but the topic is controversial and others argue that the 8th or 9th century dates are correct ."	evidence	data	findings	testimony	information	influence	activity	correlation	traces	investigation	analysis
triton was revealed to have remarkable active geysers and polar caps .	remarkable	notable	studied	extraordinary	crystalline	moderately	marvelous	133	independently	subsidiary	faulty
"polar bear fur consists of a layer of dense underfur and an outer layer of guard hairs , which appear white to tan but are actually transparent ."	transparent	white	clear	yellow	blue	opaque	yellowish	violet	clearer	dispersed	blank
the most common reason for erecting a khachkar was for votive reasons - for the salvation of the soul of either a living or a deceased person .	deceased	dead	died	dying	living	departed	preserved	distant	childless	defunct	deadly
"scene 2 : the doctor rushes by the captain in the street , who urges him to slow down ."	urges	forces	encourages	orders	causes	helps	tells	leads	influences	invites	commands
warner also set a super bowl record by attempting 45 passes without a single interception .	attempting	making	completing	obtaining	trying	covering	failing	blocking	smashing	addressing	defending
"a carotenoid dye , crocin , allows saffron to impart a rich golden-yellow hue to dishes and textiles . saffron has further medicinal applications ."	golden-yellow	yellow	reddish	amber	orange	scarlet	red	green	yellowish	rosy	chocolate
the revival of lute in the 20th century revitalized the interest of composers in the instruments of the lute family .	revival	resurgence	reunion	recovery	renaissance	reissue	return	development	rebirth	restoration	resort
urepel is a commune in the pyrì©nì©es - atlantiques department in south-western france .	south-western	western	eastern	west	central	new	metropolitan	regional	vichy	suburban	departmental
"geì_lson de carvalho soares or simply geì_lson , is a striker ."	striker	midfielder	winger	chef	driver	presenter	substitute	protagonist	spoon	goalscorer	goalscorer
"lancelot de carles called her `` beautiful with an elegant figure '' , and a venetian in paris in 1528 also reported that she was said to be beautiful ."	reported	said	claimed	recorded	described	stated	wrote	noted	remarked	testified	observed
"in 2005 , benson collaborated with artist jamie mckelvie on a short story within the image comics collection four letter worlds ."	collaborated	worked	teamed	partnered	consulted	participated	agreed	merged	reunited	experimented	amalgamated
beaurieux is a commune in the department of aisne in picardy in northern france .	department	city	region	valley	municipality	district	commune	area	arrondissement	sector	section
he is notable as a performer of australian traditional folk songs in an authentic style .	performer	singer	vocalist	producer	presenter	comedian	specialist	practitioner	soloist	proponent	competitor
"fired by enthusiasm , tolstoy returned to yasnaya polyana and founded thirteen schools for his serfs ' children , based on ground-breaking libertarian principles tolstoy described in his 1862 essay `` the school at yasnaya polyana '' ."	enthusiasm	excitement	imagination	independence	affection	passion	activity	nostalgia	attention	oxygen	amber
"companies may also take out strike insurance prior to an anticipated strike , to help offset the losses which the strike would cause ."	companies	firms	they	businesses	employers	organizations	people	organisations	corporations	we	these
"in 2006 , nippon ichi released a sequel called for the playstation 2 , as well as a 12 episode long anime titled makai senki disgaea ."	titled	called	named	entitled	series	,	dubbed	labeled	nicknamed	renamed	headed
"the false gharial , also known as the malayan gharial , false gavial , or tomistoma is a fresh-water reptile resembling a crocodile with a very thin and elongated snout , which is thicker than the gharial ."	elongated	slender	long	oval	distorted	curved	elliptical	flexible	angular	tubular	compressed
"he held several senior positions in the royal flying corps during world war i , serving as the commander of royal flying corps in france from 1915 to 1917 ."	senior	major	military	prominent	command	different	general	central	commander	commanding	operational
"fernando navarro i corbacho is a spanish footballer who currently plays for sevilla fc , as a left defender ."	defender	player	midfielder	guard	goalkeeper	footballer	winger	competitor	nationalist	coordinator	presenter
"throughout recorded history , several cosmologies and cosmogonies have been proposed to account for observations of the universe ."	observations	studies	episodes	errors	findings	objects	measurements	events	orbits	investigations	discoveries
saint-montan is a commune in the ardì¬che department in south-eastern france .	department	area	region	valley	district	sector	province	section	arrondissement	commune	locality
"the term is also at times used as a derogatory term for films or sequels of films that are of inferior quality , or are not expected to find financial success ."	derogatory	negative	general	generic	descriptive	mocking	common	confusing	modern	contrasting	guiding
the hush sound is currently on hiatus .	hiatus	vacation	pause	holiday	suspension	space	board	sigh	pauses	suspense	tbs
"mainstream music denotes music that is familiar and unthreatening to the masses , as for example popular music , pop music , middle of the road music , pop rap or soft rock ; mainstream jazz is generally seen as an evolution of be-bop , which was originally regarded as radical ."	denotes	defines	is	implies	comprises	signifies	encompasses	identifies	portrays	incorporates	combines
edwards attended west buckland school where his potential for the triple jump was spotted at an early age .	potential	talent	capacity	desire	preparation	passion	ability	youth	variety	enthusiasm	flair
"inheriting a collapsing empire and faced with constant warfare during his reign against both the seljuk turks in asia minor and the normans in the western balkans , alexios was able to halt the byzantine decline and begin the military , financial , and territorial recovery known as the `` komnenian restoration '' ."	reign	rule	time	period	tenure	life	campaign	kingdom	service	youth	conquest
"in the census of 2005 , the population of the banja luka region was at 709,000 residents , predominantly serb ."	residents	inhabitants	people	members	individuals	population	settlers	migrants	populations	serbs	albanians
"monte plata is a province of the dominican republic , and also the name of its capital city . it was split from san cristì_bal in 1992 ."	province	region	part	department	district	municipality	county	state	governorate	subdivision	division
it is sent as an http header by a web server to a web browser and then sent back unchanged by the browser each time it accesses that server .	accesses	addresses	meets	visits	uses	attacks	searches	encounters	damages	intersects	summons
"in contrast , the 2007 micropì_dia has roughly 65,000 articles , the vast majority of which contain fewer than 750 words , no references , and no named contributors ."	fewer	less	more	greater	longer	smaller	shorter	lower	larger	farther	weaker
"by 1961 , gordy had appointed robinson vice-president of motown records , a title robinson held for as long as gordy remained with the company ."	remained	stayed	was	left	went	resided	returned	retained	retired	spent	departed
from 1908 to 1911 he was the principal conductor of the vienna hofoper succeeding gustav mahler ; he retained the conductorship of the vienna philharmonic until 1927 .	retained	held	maintained	preserved	kept	remained	continued	relinquished	upheld	questioned	prolonged
"mexican cinnamon hot chocolate is traditionally served alongside a variety of mexican pastries known as pan dulce and , as in spain , churros ."	traditionally	historically	typically	commonly	usually	often	generally	also	predominantly	culturally	structurally
slaves were previously introduced by the british and french who colonized the island in the 18th century .	introduced	established	developed	used	presented	adopted	acquired	imported	inserted	abolished	injected
"cholera , sometimes known as asiatic or epidemic cholera , is an infectious gastroenteritis caused by enterotoxin-producing strains of the bacterium vibrio cholerae ."	strains	species	cells	cultures	varieties	bacteria	forms	members	units	states	versions
a hurricane struck dominica and puerto rico between july 22 and july 24 .	struck	formed	made	destroyed	became	affected	impacted	exited	defeated	caressed	recorded
"in 1975 the old district steinfurt was merged with the district tecklenburg , and together with greven and saerbeck from the former district mì_nster the current district was formed ."	formed	created	born	founded	established	made	shaped	reformed	represented	found	merged
"it was discovered by a team of astronomers led by brett j. gladman , et al . in 2003 ."	discovered	found	studied	detected	known	published	located	uncovered	investigated	recovered	founded
"cyanobacteria , also known as blue-green algae , blue-green bacteria or cyanophyta , is a phylum of bacteria that obtain their energy through photosynthesis ."	obtain	get	acquire	derive	provide	gain	receive	attain	achieve	produce	gather
she finally divorced monroe in 1947 and also split with guy .	split	reunited	went	merged	broke	divided	lived	separated	got	left	fractured
crissì© is a commune in the sarthe department in the pays de la loire region in north-western france .	region	area	department	valley	province	group	division	commune	movement	sector	arrondissement
"dan pulled in ruth marie as a fifth person in his alliance , but after losing another immunity challenge , sally convinced the la mina men that she was a more valuable player ."	convinced	told	persuaded	showed	helped	taught	fooled	proved	led	influenced	educated
"greater armenia is an armenian irredentist political goal aimed at uniting with armenia most of the armenian highland , the historical homeland of the armenians since antiquity up until the armenian genocide when they were massacred and forcefully expelled by the ottoman turkish government ."	forcefully	eventually	hurriedly	gradually	quickly	subsequently	then	later	harshly	illegally	commonly
"lightcurve data for europa has been particularly tricky to interpret , so much so for a long time its period of rotation was in dispute despite numerous observations ."	tricky	difficult	complex	challenging	confusing	straightforward	important	difficulty	difficulties	intricate	elusive
it is typically used for scraping or cutting food before the food enters the esophagus .	scraping	picking	eating	slicing	splitting	modifying	peeling	biting	obtaining	affecting	smoothing
"city of faizabad is the headquarters of faizabad district and a municipal board in the state of uttar pradesh , india , situated on the banks of river ghaghra ."	headquarters	capital	location	offices	seat	commissioner	namesake	locations	subdivisions	subdivision	initials
the name kalganup is believed to be the noongar word for ` place of many waters ' .	believed	known	thought	said	considered	estimated	assumed	understood	held	presumed	agreed
romano fogli is an italian retired footballer and former manager .	retired	former	born	current	defunct	deceased	known	national	recovered	disappeared	famous
it overwinters in conifer groves .	conifer	pine	cedar	walnut	spruce	magnolia	olive	orange	coffee	cocoa	pinto
"in mid-june 2006 , the slab was crumbling in frequent rockfalls , although it was still being extruded ."	extruded	formed	produced	made	distributed	studied	created	found	stamped	injected	finished
the billionaire of dismal downs is a scrooge mcduck comic by don rosa . it is the ninth of the original 12 chapters in the series the life and times of scrooge mcduck .	series	miniseries	title	life	comic	group	name	episodes	history	cartoon	lives
"hms guardian set out before the convict ships but struck ice after leaving the cape of good hope , returned to southern africa and was wrecked on the coast ."	returned	went	moved	traveled	travelled	sailed	reverted	left	referred	failed	dispersed
"the concept of a `` picture element '' dates to the earliest days of television , for example as `` bildpunkt '' in the 1888 german patent of paul nipkow ."	concept	idea	notion	development	existence	definition	term	meaning	interpretation	title	complex
on 1 october 1983 the pilot project began operations as a full-fledged bank and was renamed the grameen bank to make loans to poor bangladeshis .	full-fledged	small	regional	commercial	state	private	pilot	retail	reserve	guerrilla	beta
a lesson is a structured period of time where learning is intended to occur .	structured	constructed	regulated	memorable	coherent	recognizable	stimulated	timed	scored	patterned	reorganized
it has been suggested that eastern pacific ocean tropical cyclones are formed out of tropical waves that originate in north africa as well .	originate	occur	arise	exist	arrive	end	start	begin	intercept	converge	organize
riel sought to preserve mì©tis rights and culture as their homelands in the northwest came progressively under the canadian sphere of influence .	sought	attempted	tried	desired	wanted	intended	struggled	aimed	seeks	pursued	targeted
"they are characterized by spirituality and metaphysical themes , extremely long takes , lack of conventional dramatic structure and plot , and memorable cinematography ."	cinematography	imagery	scenes	moments	graphics	personalities	gameplay	electronics	demographics	demographics	demographics
seismograms are essential for measuring earthquakes using the richter scale .	essential	important	used	necessary	vital	needed	fundamental	basic	integral	instrumental	crucial
"but , from time to time the church hierarchy , and even some popes , have given opinions on various matters ; although these `` guidelines '' are not binding on catholics , many tradition-minded catholics find them persuasive ."	persuasive	compelling	convincing	useful	memorable	entertaining	binding	interesting	reassuring	comforting	valid
a haunted house is defined as a house that is believed to be a center for supernatural occurrences or paranormal phenomena .	occurrences	events	incidents	properties	experiences	phenomena	entities	instances	situations	moments	indications
"glaciologically , ice age implies the presence of extensive ice sheets in the northern and southern hemispheres ; by this definition we are still in the ice age that began at the start of the pleistocene ."	definition	time	meaning	point	interpretation	means	end	conception	title	determination	criteria
"from scarborough monday to saturdays there is generally an hourly first transpennine express service to york , leeds , manchester piccadilly and liverpool lime street and a two-hourly northern rail service to bridlington , hull and sheffield via the yorkshire coast line ."	generally	usually	also	often	typically	sometimes	commonly	normally	broadly	occasionally	roughly
"the county is divided into three areas of unorganized territory : dupree , north ziebach , and south ziebach ."	divided	subdivided	separated	distributed	segregated	united	located	fragmented	placed	subdivision	given
"the pittsburgh steelers are a professional american football team based in pittsburgh , pennsylvania ."	based	located	found	headquartered	residing	living	active	playing	centered	operating	born
"during the final immunity challenge , sandra fell out early , allowing jon to try to convince lil to take him to the final two ."	final	second	last	first	original	initial	preliminary	current	previous	semifinal	twelfth
"avian influenza virus h3n2 is endemic in pigs in china and has been detected in pigs in vietnam , increasing fears of the emergence of new variant strains ."	detected	found	discovered	confirmed	identified	spotted	diagnosed	recorded	demonstrated	established	inserted
"and though often viewed as a youthful expression of rebellion by the mainstream media , modern punk embodies a range of age groups who generally disagree with the perceived of countercultural principals and it is not uncommon for middle-aged people to form punk houses and resistance movements in the face of what they view as the widespread , unfair exploitation of human and animal rights ."	exploitation	abuse	violation	infringement	oppression	manipulation	repression	occupation	utilization	misunderstanding	abduction
groìùlangheim is a municipality in the district of kitzingen in bavaria in germany .	municipality	town	city	county	district	borough	state	canton	commune	valley	concentration
"he received many awards , among them a posthumous special citation from the pulitzer prize board in 2007 for his `` masterful improvisation , supreme musicianship and iconic centrality to the history of jazz . ''"	received	earned	obtained	gained	got	won	awarded	garnered	bestowed	shared	distributed
when a fair weather waterspout makes landfall it quickly dissipates as it loses the inflow of warm air into the vortex .	dissipates	spreads	settles	changes	develops	states	sinks	clears	crashes	collapses	divides
"its purpose is to promote free trade and the fluid movement of goods , people , and currency ."	fluid	free	smooth	steady	flexible	lateral	dynamic	orderly	peaceful	serene	timely
most of the state lies in an area known as tornado alley characterized by frequent interaction between cold and warm air masses producing severe weather .	interaction	exchange	combination	mixing	communication	variation	combinations	equilibrium	exchanges	comparison	mixture
the reservoir has a volume of 4.26 mio m and a surface area of 0.25 km .	reservoir	water	lake	valley	region	cylinder	surface	chamber	volume	peak	quantity
"after receiving the news of the important award , yunus announced that he would use part of his share of the $ 1.4 million award money to create a company to make low-cost , high-nutrition food for the poor ; while the rest would go toward setting up an eye hospital for the poor in bangladesh ."	announced	declared	indicated	said	stated	established	promised	proclaimed	ordered	disclosed	clarified
"phillip was appointed governor of new south wales , the first european colony on the australian continent , and was the founder of the site which is now the city of sydney ."	appointed	made	the	named	commissioned	established	also	a	subsequently	assigned	installed
toshiba was founded by the merging of two companies in 1939 .	merging	combining	amalgamation	fusion	unification	blending	union	forming	linking	restructuring	meeting
"after crossing florida , hurricane hunters indicated a poorly defined circulation , but with winds exceeding tropical storm strength , and the system was designated as tropical storm erika late on august 14 while located 85 miles west of fort myers ."	indicated	identified	found	suggested	developed	established	noted	located	reported	estimated	interpreted
eucalyptus forests in california have been criticised because they compete with native plants and do not support native animals .	criticised	questioned	recognised	favoured	admired	characterised	ascribed	honoured	commended	practised	fooled
"after the demise of the whl , however , the stanley cup was awarded exclusively to the nhl playoff champion , and the wales trophy was given to the regular season champion ."	exclusively	only	primarily	solely	mainly	mostly	entirely	principally	chiefly	efficiently	universally
"it was discovered and opened about the same time as crystal cave , but was closed by the owners in the 1940s ."	discovered	found	explored	located	established	uncovered	investigated	closed	developed	created	founded
italy purchased the city in 1905 and made mogadishu the capital of italian somaliland .	purchased	bought	destroyed	sold	obtained	acquired	seized	annexed	boarded	chartered	consumed
"sir terence david john pratchett , obe , more commonly known as terry pratchett , is an english novelist , known for his frequently comical work in the fantasy genre ."	novelist	author	writer	publisher	barrister	landlord	scientist	businessman	billionaire	medium	warlock
students are obligated to attend the central high school .	obligated	required	mandated	forced	bound	ordered	assigned	known	compelled	free	needed
the technique consists of precoding the data so as to cancel the effect of the interference .	technique	procedure	scheme	method	ratio	difficulty	treatment	frequency	time	precision	quantity
"in 1989 , these diversified interests started growing into separate organizations , as the fisheries project became grameen motsho and the irrigation project became grameen krishi ."	organizations	groups	projects	entities	institutions	units	structures	enterprises	offices	corporations	segments
"in august 1995 , the ttc suffered its worst subway accident in what it refers to as the russell hill accident , on the yonge-university-spadina line south of st. clair west station ."	suffered	lost	got	experienced	met	caused	endured	witnessed	gained	registered	landed
"the short-beaked echidna is an iconic animal in contemporary australia , notably appearing on the australian five-cent piece and on a $ 200 commemorative coin released in 1992 ."	contemporary	modern	western	current	everyday	subtropical	eclectic	postwar	casual	complex	realistic
gygax is generally acknowledged as the father of role-playing games .	generally	often	usually	commonly	widely	also	sometimes	typically	broadly	frequently	uniformly
"after 1910 , he spent the remainder of his life in moscow , working in the marfo-mariinsky convent ."	remainder	rest	majority	end	whole	duration	entirety	portion	disposition	commune	continuation
"situated 13 miles southeast of seattle , washington , renton straddles the southeast shore of lake washington ."	situated	located	found	positioned	based	placed	just	constructed	subdivided	perched	scrambled
"in the third book , harry potter and the prisoner of azkaban , rowling uses a time travel premise ."	premise	plot	device	paradigm	metaphor	convention	construct	scheme	exposition	format	pun
yass is a prominent area for raising sheep which produce very fine wool due to the soil and climatic conditions of the yass area .	prominent	notable	common	leading	famous	local	distinguished	prevalent	distinctive	conspicuous	desirable
"annual production of lego bricks averages approximately 20 billion per year , or about 600 pieces per second : if all the lego bricks ever produced were to be divided equally among a world population of six billion , each person would have 62 lego bricks ."	averages	is	totals	represents	reaches	produces	totaled	contributes	targets	encompasses	generates
"historians are undecided if lincoln actually said this line , and in a letter that stowe wrote to her husband a few hours after meeting with lincoln no mention of this comment was made ."	undecided	uncertain	confused	unsure	wondering	unknown	unclear	questioned	doubtful	unfamiliar	blank
"the interest was so great that developers found themselves advertising the parks rather than their own developments , as the highest prices would exist for the park perceived to be best ."	advertising	selling	promoting	marketing	identifying	locating	attracting	establishing	branding	announcing	illustrating
"it generally consists of a shallow pool of water , usually quite calm ."	generally	usually	typically	commonly	mostly	often	mainly	primarily	widely	broadly	loosely
a tropical cyclone strikes eastern cuba on september 28 .	strikes	hits	affects	crosses	occurs	targets	meets	makes	impacts	battles	rescues
the romans believed the fumes produced by burning castoreum could induce an abortion ; paracelsus thought it could be used in the treatment of epilepsy ; and medieval beekeepers used it to increase honey production .	produced	created	generated	obtained	formed	released	emitted	caused	manufactured	injected	induced
"phosgene can be detected at 0.4 ppm , which is four times the threshold limit value ."	detected	discovered	found	measured	identified	observed	recognized	spotted	located	recorded	sighted
"he invites his sister , may belle to enter terabithia ; she is delighted because she was previously denied any opportunity to enter ."	denied	granted	rejected	refused	barred	given	blocked	forbidden	dismissed	deprived	thwarted
"oat bread was first manufactured in england , where the first oat bread factory was established in 1899 ."	manufactured	produced	made	created	invented	formed	assembled	consumed	synthesized	pronounced	subdivided
the trans-asian railway is a project to create an integrated freight railway network across europe and asia .	create	establish	provide	produce	build	develop	make	construct	complete	become	launch
"if the object has exactly the same density as the fluid , then its buoyancy equals its weight ."	fluid	water	liquid	gas	air	stream	material	wave	particle	variable	plasma
they have also been observed in captivity catching spiny dogfish of up to 3-4 feet in length .	observed	seen	found	reported	recorded	heard	witnessed	identified	detected	sighted	evidenced
"in mid-november 2008 , president-elect obama and clinton discussed the possibility of her serving as u.s. secretary of state in his administration , and on november 21 , reports indicated that she had accepted the position ."	indicated	appeared	showed	concluded	suggested	announced	reported	stated	emerged	agreed	revealed
"outcast of redwall is a fantasy novel by brian jacques , published in 1995 ."	novel	book	story	series	thriller	county	chapter	game	paperback	written	published
"with the others bailed out for various food items , tom was the last man standing and won immunity ."	various	other	different	common	numerous	certain	earthly	miscellaneous	fancy	youthful	snack
"thus , on unification day , october 3 , 1990 , the german democratic republic ceased to exist , giving way to five new federal states , and east and west berlin were also unified as a single city , forming a sixth new federal state . the new federal states immediately became parts of the federal republic of germany , so that it was enlarged to include the whole territory of the former east germany ."	territory	area	state	land	region	population	part	space	zone	geography	history
"in the opening and middlegame , the king will rarely play an active role in the development of an offensive or defensive position ."	rarely	never	often	usually	seldom	sometimes	occasionally	commonly	frequently	typically	periodically
the most troublesome situation usually occurs with short journeys from west to east .	troublesome	dangerous	anxious	unpleasant	confusing	important	unhappy	sinister	doubtful	ominous	hostile
"barnes & noble , inc. is the largest book retailer in the united states , operating mainly through its barnes & noble booksellers chain of bookstores headquartered in lower fifth avenue in lower manhattan , new york city ."	headquartered	located	based	situated	housed	anchored	concentrated	residing	locating	chartered	subsidiaries
hurricane-force wind gusts were reported in new england .	hurricane-force	wind	major	minute	large	gale	severe	wave	human	eastward	eastward
spain and luxembourg currently have bourbon monarchs .	currently	now	presently	also	already	occasionally	briefly	previously	they	temporarily	successively
"the toys are similar to many other small plush toys , however , each webkinz toy has an attached tag with a unique `` secret code '' printed on it that allows access to the `` webkinz world '' website ."	unique	new	memorable	distinct	different	distinctive	customized	specific	recognizable	localized	localized
jamie farr is an american television and film actor and popular game show panelist .	panelist	host	presenter	contestant	moderator	guest	judge	hostess	producer	personality	moderate
"however , the availability of suitable habitat is critical : forest must be neither too old nor too young ."	availability	lack	absence	shortage	existence	abundance	location	presence	accessibility	occurrence	employment
"he enrolled at papanui high school , then university of canterbury , but for only one year ."	enrolled	studied	graduated	taught	was	registered	boarded	educated	began	affiliated	interned
"famous for hosting the annual rose bowl football game and the tournament of roses parade , pasadena is the home of many leading scientific and cultural institutions , including the california institute of technology , pasadena city college , the jet propulsion laboratory , art center college of design , the pasadena playhouse , california school of culinary arts pasadena , the norton simon museum of art and the pacific asia museum ."	leading	major	prominent	important	notable	eminent	famous	renowned	pioneering	guiding	blending
"bunch is a small unincorporated community in southwestern adair county , oklahoma , united states ."	community	town	area	region	city	county	subdivision	locality	settlement	location	suburb
the association of virtue with withdrawal from society - and specifically from cities - was a familiar theme in religious literature .	theme	motif	topic	element	episode	subject	issue	idea	item	problem	occurrence
"she has three older brothers : aaron , benjamin , and nathaniel , the latter of whom is a model and actor ."	latter	former	last	other	younger	youngest	remainder	formerly	current	complex	youthful
"before meeting the sacramento river , the san joaquin river has two distributary rivers , the old river and the middle river , both of which once were the main channels of the river . due to the bend in the san joaquin river channel at the head of the old river , a significant portion of the san joaquin river flow continues down the old river instead of heading northward along the san joaquin ."	significant	major	sizable	large	small	substantial	considerable	notable	minor	smaller	noteworthy
"the primary trinity included tinia , uni and menrva ."	primary	secondary	main	original	tertiary	major	dominant	predominant	modern	complementary	benign
"tolstoy was born in yasnaya polyana , the family estate in the tula region of russia ."	estate	land	property	station	office	plantation	plant	domain	commune	escape	enterprise
the earthquake engineering research institute is a leader in dissemination of earthquake engineering research related information both in the u.s. and globally .	research	national	new	study	scientific	review	design	engineering	reform	radio	registration
"notable former managers of notts county include jimmy sirrel , neil warnock , howard kendall and sam allardyce ."	former	local	current	past	football	early	previous	defunct	original	assistant	residential
"in addition to local research conducted at the radio telescope , parkes scientists have assisted nasa for several missions as a southern hemisphere relay and communications station ."	assisted	helped	joined	supported	collaborated	aided	provided	served	coordinated	advised	teamed
"volcanologists frequently visit volcanoes , especially active ones , to observe volcanic eruptions , collect eruptive products including tephra , rock and lava samples ."	frequently	often	commonly	regularly	typically	may	occasionally	also	widely	seldom	routinely
"pool , also known as pocket billiards , is the general term for a family of cue sports played on a pool table with six receptacles called pockets along the , into which balls are deposited as the main goal of play ."	receptacles	pockets	areas	holes	sections	chambers	digits	cells	tables	triangles	triangles
"he normally appears in a running gag , where he usually suffers unfortunate , nearly always fatal , events ."	unfortunate	terrible	unpleasant	numerous	fortunate	severe	memorable	exceptional	ordinary	accidental	angular
most digital media are based on translating analog data into digital data and vice-versa .	translating	converting	rendering	modifying	dividing	mapping	copying	resolving	manipulating	shaping	detecting
"wrestlers portrayed a villain or a hero as they followed a series of events that built tension , and culminated into a wrestling match or series of matches ."	villain	character	leader	hero	host	nemesis	guest	antagonist	crook	contestant	personality
"not to be confused with `` terms '' in colloquial usages , the shortened form of technical terms which are defined within a discipline or speciality field ."	discipline	field	department	specialization	domain	specialty	division	region	genus	boundary	definition
a `` dune field '' is an area covered by extensive sand dunes .	extensive	numerous	substantial	large	many	scattered	intensive	thin	vast	comprehensive	elaborate
107 camilla is one of the largest main belt asteroids .	largest	biggest	giant	major	small	smallest	smaller	asteroid	older	86	14
"first mentioned by the ancient greek geographer ptolemy , the pre-christian settlement of the saxon people originally covered an area a little more to the northwest , with parts of the southern jutland peninsula , old saxony and small sections of the eastern low countries ."	sections	portions	parts	areas	segments	regions	divisions	fragments	tracts	subdivisions	patches
"jeanne demessieux had a prodigious memory : she had memorized more than 2,500 works , including the complete organ works of johann sebastian bach , cì©sar franck , franz liszt , felix mendelssohn and marcel duprì© ."	prodigious	great	good	complete	remarkable	wonderful	unique	brilliant	famous	memorable	blank
"at the end of each season , a series of playoff games are contested among the top six teams in the nfc , consisting of the four division champions and the two other teams with the best win-loss records ."	contested	held	played	disputed	fought	awarded	produced	competed	favored	obtained	threaded
veritas and undina would have been the largest fragments of that collision .	fragments	pieces	particles	debris	remnants	pebbles	members	casualties	traces	shards	receivers
after the partitions of poland in 1794 the area was annexed by prussia .	annexed	acquired	occupied	recovered	administered	unified	integrated	subdivided	amalgamated	chartered	chartered
"the models initially had difficulty predicting the track of the depression and the forecasts from the national hurricane center reflected this , indicating that the depression would move towards texas ."	reflected	indicated	recorded	represented	resolved	addressed	preserved	countered	reinforced	amplified	accommodated
"a british nobleman , lord stanhope , took an interest in hauser and gained custody of him late in 1831 ."	gained	obtained	took	got	acquired	attained	regained	became	retained	formed	traced
"simon phillip cowell is an english music executive , television producer and entrepreneur ."	entrepreneur	businessman	broadcaster	inventor	presenter	explorer	founder	leader	owner	proprietor	frontman
the remnants of the depression persisted until 2 am edt at which time it was absorbed by a warm front .	absorbed	replaced	merged	enveloped	superseded	swallowed	formed	integrated	amalgamated	intercepted	adopted
"a good measure of notability is whether someone has been featured in multiple , independent , reliable sources ."	multiple	numerous	different	many	independent	various	major	local	primary	single	overlapping
"it originally aired on the fox network in the united states on october 10 , 1991 ."	aired	appeared	ran	opened	premiered	broadcast	served	landed	hosted	concluded	played
religious law is explicitly based on religious precepts .	precepts	belief	beliefs	practice	faith	experience	convictions	doctrines	doctrine	teaching	testimony
"the principal greenhouse , in an art nouveau style with a modern metallic structure , resembles the mid-19th century crystal palace in london ."	resembles	represents	reflects	describes	recalls	is	compares	suggests	depicts	addresses	illustrates
"metlink , formerly the met , is the marketing body and umbrella brand for public train , tram and bus transport operators in greater melbourne , victoria , australia ."	brand	name	group	label	organisation	title	franchise	banner	term	word	mark
"on april 9 , 1919 , miss marcella sherwood , who supervised the mission day school for girls was bicycling round the city to close her schools when she was assaulted by a mob in a narrow street , the kucha kurrichhan , was beaten and left wounded ."	assaulted	attacked	beaten	ambushed	invaded	murdered	harassed	violated	raped	overwhelmed	intercepted
"schoenberg refused , saying `` i would only make you a bad schoenberg , and you 're such a good gershwin already . ''"	refused	agreed	insisted	promised	answered	declined	disagreed	rejected	affirmed	lied	stipulated
"however media outlets soon found ways around the ban , initially by the use of subtitles , but later and more commonly by the use of an actor reading his words over the images of him speaking ."	initially	first	originally	primarily	mainly	also	now	eventually	principally	subsequently	early
"however , the new king , louis xviii , knew that ideas of nationalism and democracy still lingered in his country ; hence the establishment and signing of the charte constitutionnelle franì¤aise , the french constitution otherwise known as la charte ."	hence	in	thus	therefore	reason	rue	fault	fourier	fiat	julien	julien
in 1873 mine employers attempted to introduce saturday afternoon and sunday shifts .	attempted	tried	began	failed	managed	undertook	intended	agreed	aimed	succeeded	employed
"he then settled in the avon valley , one of the most rugged and inaccessible places in the darling range ."	inaccessible	remote	isolated	uninhabited	mountainous	lonely	secluded	inhabited	undeveloped	rugged	inexpensive
"the central planets are firmly under alliance control , but the outlying planets and moons resemble the 19th century american west , with little governmental authority ."	outlying	southern	other	distant	western	earthly	southwestern	remote	scattered	isolated	uninhabited
"in 1639 , williams established a baptist church in providence , rhode island , and clarke began a baptist church in newport , rhode island ."	established	founded	began	opened	erected	formed	started	located	commenced	planted	concluded
"while each edition of windows 2000 was targeted to a different market , they share a core set of features , including many system utilities such as the microsoft management console and standard system administration applications ."	core	common	basic	central	different	main	similar	complex	same	complementary	distinct
"the first conflict between the british and the marathas was the first anglo-maratha war which began in 1774 and resulted in the 1782 treaty of salbai , by which the island of salsette , adjacent to bombay island , was ceded to the british , while bharuch was ceded to the maratha ruler scindia ."	adjacent	opposite	near	next	contiguous	annexed	located	attached	close	related	affiliated
openoffice.org calc is the spreadsheet component of the openoffice.org software package .	component	part	portion	version	variant	segment	member	subsidiary	constituent	subdivision	subunit
"the countess tells him it is only susanna , trying on her wedding dress ."	tells	told	informs	shows	says	warns	gives	addresses	is	leads	reads
"early representations of the balalaika show it with anywhere from two to six strings , which resembles certain central asian instruments ."	representations	versions	copies	examples	illustrations	appearances	depictions	episodes	accounts	traces	indications
additional praise was given to its scope and future potential based on user-created content ; minor criticism was reserved for specific elements of the gameplay mechanics and level creation facilities .	elements	parts	aspects	features	sections	areas	items	pieces	segments	episodes	errors
"loamhedge is a fantasy novel by brian jacques , published in 2003 ."	published	released	printed	republished	reprinted	produced	found	distributed	issued	reissued	discovered
"the eastern orthodox church accepts psalm 151 as canonical . roman catholics , protestants , and most jews consider it apocryphal ."	consider	think	believe	want	regard	call	include	treat	perceive	study	reject
he aided the doukhobors in migrating to canada .	aided	helped	assisted	led	supported	influenced	assists	guided	facilitated	joined	attended
"it is a permissive license , meaning that it permits reuse within proprietary software on the condition that the license is distributed with that software . the license is also gpl-compatible , meaning that the gpl permits combination and redistribution with software that uses the mit license ."	permits	allows	enables	prohibits	encourages	facilitates	lets	licenses	addresses	invites	coordinates
"the battalion is usually part of a regiment , group or a brigade , depending on the organizational model used by that service ."	usually	often	sometimes	commonly	a	typically	generally	always	either	mostly	basically
"intense feelings of resentment trigger the initial retaliation , which causes the other party to feel equally aggrieved and vengeful ."	retaliation	disposition	hostility	response	resentment	confrontation	counterattack	vengeance	compensation	repression	empathy
gravitational energy is the energy associated with the gravitational field .	associated	connected	linked	identified	related	affiliated	involved	corresponding	compatible	allied	interacting
"the dead body of a human is referred to as a cadaver , or corpse ."	human	man	mortal	child	criminal	person	victim	woman	corpse	civilian	mechanic
marshal manuel deodoro da fonseca became the first president of the republic of brazil after heading a military coup that deposed emperor pedro ii .	coup	junta	dictatorship	revolt	mutiny	group	overthrow	command	order	decree	maneuver
"slipknot is a heavy metal band formed by vocalist and percussionist anders colsefni , guitarists donnie steele and josh `` gnar '' brainard , bassist paul gray , drummer joey jordison and percussionist shawn crahan , in des moines , iowa ."	formed	founded	created	established	produced	developed	composed	reformed	constructed	assembled	divided
"the most recent goaltender to have scored a goal by deliberately shooting the puck into his opponents ' net was evgeni nabokov , in 2002 ."	deliberately	intentionally	somehow	accidentally	suddenly	purposely	secretly	forcibly	wrongly	subtly	consciously
"following the withdrawal of the more powerful class 74 electro-diesels in 1977 , the class 73 is now unique on the british railway network ."	network	system	group	service	line	scheme	chain	sector	brand	grid	franchise
"upon receiving its classification , the depression consisted of a partially exposed low-level center with deep convection occupying the northeastern semicircle ."	occupying	in	forming	filling	covering	dividing	replacing	obtaining	overlapping	comprising	consuming
"these notable synagogues include ; the great synagogue of rome , the new synagogue , the leopoldstì_dter tempel , the grand choral synagogue , the great synagogue , the moscow choral synagogue , the great synagogue of florence , the great synagogue , plzen , the great synagogue , the ko ice orthodox synagogue , the novi sad synagogue , the szeged synagogue , the sofia synagogue and the great synagogue of oran ."	notable	great	prominent	major	famous	large	exceptional	typical	eminent	memorable	sizable
"most of the detainees were captured japanese and italian military personnel , on august 5 , 1944 at least 545 japanese pows attempted a mass breakout from the camp , in perhaps the largest prison escape in world history ."	breakout	escape	exit	exodus	evacuation	rescue	release	uprising	escaping	emigration	recapture
"vinaigrette is a mixture of salad oil and vinegar , often flavored with herbs , spices , salt , pepper , sugar , and other ingredients ."	ingredients	elements	preparations	components	combinations	vegetables	recipes	contents	onions	additions	alloys
he supported the building of churches by distributing literature and providing ministers .	distributing	spreading	obtaining	publishing	producing	supplying	promoting	teaching	administering	issuing	locating
"as of the early 21st century , christianity has between 1.5 billion and 2.2 billion adherents ."	adherents	members	followers	devotees	christians	congregations	americans	subscribers	muslims	respondents	respondents
"many schools teach children to make sock puppets and then have the children put on shows or plays for the whole school with them , sometimes with all the sock puppets singing ."	singing	playing	crying	together	performing	living	teaching	forming	starring	lining	lining
"the word cereal derives from ceres , the name of the roman goddess of harvest and agriculture ."	derives	comes	originates	differs	arises	is	develops	stems	descends	varies	rests
"miramax films was last operated by daniel battsek who reported to rich ross , chairman of walt disney studios motion pictures ."	operated	owned	represented	established	controlled	performed	distributed	governed	organized	identified	orchestrated
he is portrayed by mark hamill .	portrayed	played	represented	starred	known	depicted	performed	filmed	named	recorded	pronounced
"super smash bros. was developed by hal laboratory , a nintendo second-party developer , during ."	developed	created	produced	built	designed	conceived	played	distributed	formed	derived	redeveloped
the northern and western edges of the cotswolds are marked by steep escarpments down to the severn valley and the warwickshire avon .	escarpments	valleys	mountains	slopes	drops	cliffs	faces	edges	rocks	lines	triangles
"they renamed the place alcante or alcanatif which means port of salt , due to the old salt industry of phoenicians and romans ."	renamed	called	named	rebranded	founded	changed	subdivided	transformed	treated	reassigned	shortened
"it was founded in 1964 in hamilton , ontario by canadian hockey player tim horton and jim charade , after an initial venture in hamburger restaurants ."	founded	established	located	formed	built	started	created	opened	discovered	born	begun
the annual mean temperature is 25 c ; regional mean temperatures range from 18 c in the heart of the cordillera central to as high as 27 c in arid regions .	annual	local	national	regional	average	yearly	absolute	historical	solar	seasonal	region
epistemology or theory of knowledge is the branch of philosophy concerned with the nature and scope of knowledge .	scope	purpose	structure	organization	theory	complexity	classification	quantity	conception	theories	objectives
the process is termed lichenometry .	termed	called	named	deemed	entitled	regarded	denoted	ascribed	classed	accounted	investigated
the name `` sea of cortì©s '' is the one preferred by most local residents .	residents	inhabitants	citizens	locals	owners	communities	natives	settlers	governors	laborers	dwellers
"the 1997 atlantic hurricane season officially began on june 1 , 1997 , and lasted until november 30 , 1997 ."	lasted	stayed	continued	ended	lived	ran	went	stretched	persisted	aired	finished
this was the first time in survivor history that the two initial teams were not preselected by the producers .	preselected	picked	selected	chosen	created	established	recognized	favored	drafted	split	coached
the geological community generally accepts this hypothesis because it best explains sedimentary deposits generally regarded as of glacial origin at tropical paleolatitudes and other enigmatic features in the geological record .	hypothesis	interpretation	name	model	study	classification	correlation	geology	map	evolution	alignment
"the hells angels , at the peak of their ` outlaw ' reputation , corralled lost children ."	corralled	found	rescued	killed	created	preserved	played	"	reunited	reformed	reformed
the roof of the west stand is corrugated iron this also houses the main television gantry which is accessed from the upper tier seating area by a temporary ladder .	tier	level	table	section	platform	stage	layer	group	sectional	tab	truss
"it gradually decayed into a surface low pressure trough , and developed into two disturbances ; one was centered 290 miles south-southeast of cape cod and another was located 200 miles south of cape hatteras , north carolina ."	gradually	eventually	slowly	quickly	rapidly	soon	steadily	gently	briefly	successively	continuously
"techno is a form of electronic dance music that emerged in detroit , michigan , us during the mid to late 1980s ."	emerged	developed	appeared	evolved	arose	formed	originated	occurred	established	produced	fragmented
dhamtour has an average elevation of 1110 metres .	elevation	altitude	height	temperature	distance	longitude	prominence	difficulty	topography	enrollment	expenditure
"while in cambrai he collaborated with nicolas grenon on a complete revision of the liturgical musical collection of the cathedral , which included writing an extensive collection of polyphonic music for services ."	included	began	involved	required	kept	created	consisted	added	combined	integrated	eliminated
"it is also the only one of the former provinces of south africa not to undergo border changes , excluding the incorporation of bantustans ."	excluding	including	avoiding	preventing	like	governing	representing	qualifying	overlooking	alleging	−
"nevertheless , until the middle of the 20th century , agriculture dominated the canton ."	nevertheless	therefore	however	also	nonetheless	moreover	accordingly	wrongly	economically	economically	economically
the chain accounted for 22.6 % of all fast food industry revenues in canada in 2005 .	accounted	responsible	provided	contributed	applied	compensated	represented	occurred	participated	aimed	opted
"whatever the truth of the rumors , james required a royal match to preserve the stuart line ."	preserve	maintain	restore	protect	uphold	conserve	survive	retain	save	guard	keep
"in 2005 and 2006 , the bulgarian state railways begin operating desiro trains as part of a 67-million deal with siemens ag for a total of 25 diesel multiple units ."	operating	running	employing	performing	carrying	conducting	using	serving	transporting	locating	awarding
this category contains articles about albums released on island records .	contains	includes	is	has	identifies	represents	holds	lists	defines	addresses	addresses
their heaviest defeats in the league were 10 - 1 against fulham in 1963 and 9 - 0 against manchester united in 1995 .	heaviest	biggest	largest	strongest	highest	lowest	longest	deepest	hardest	southernmost	intermediate
"uniquely among mammals , these teeth are continuously replaced throughout life , with new teeth growing at the rear as older teeth fall out from farther forward in the mouth ."	continuously	gradually	repeatedly	steadily	rapidly	periodically	commonly	eventually	uniformly	rarely	fundamentally
"it is also known as a clothes iron , flat iron , or smoothing iron ."	smoothing	real	straightening	lazy	rough	winding	minute	an	blending	picking	picking
some of the first inhabitants of gili trawangan were from sulawesi who are fishermen and farmers .	inhabitants	residents	settlers	people	occupants	natives	owners	arrivals	dwellers	immigrants	invaders
"thousands of videos exist on youtube of users showing the original video to their friends and taping their reactions , although some videos seem to be staged ."	taping	recording	copying	showing	monitoring	watching	checking	measuring	logging	scoring	registering
"however , on 13 april 2008 , before the completion of the initial five years , it was announced that bryce was to become the next governor-general of australia ."	initial	first	final	original	previous	subsequent	following	additional	immediate	inaugural	early
"kasem is best known by name as a music historian and disc jockey , most notably as host of the weekly american top 40 radio program from 1970 to 1988 , and again from march 1998 until january 10 , 2004 , when ryan seacrest succeeded him ."	program	show	series	station	segment	network	broadcast	format	chart	package	host
"liriodendron tulipifera , commonly known as the american tulip tree , tulip poplar or yellow poplar , is the western hemisphere representative of the two-species liriodendron genus and the tallest eastern hardwood ."	commonly	often	usually	generally	also	widely	variously	rarely	popularly	frequently	colloquially
"another allegation asserts that during the previous year , on saint bartholomew 's day , vlad had 30,000 of the merchants and officials of the transylvanian city of bra ov impaled for breaking his authority ."	asserts	states	maintains	is	suggests	exists	establishes	identifies	emphasizes	recounts	decrees
"the result is a region of braided streams , marshes , and lakes the size of belgium ; the seasonal floods make the delta extremely productive for both fishing and agriculture ."	extremely	very	highly	exceptionally	incredibly	remarkably	equally	moderately	intensely	immensely	unexpectedly
"during one event , german charley attempting to prevent the theft of a racehorse from the coombing park stables was shot to death by mickey bourke ."	prevent	stop	avoid	protect	prohibit	halt	delay	oppose	intercept	inhibit	interrupt
the cheetah hunts by vision rather than by scent .	vision	sight	perception	image	eye	sights	light	blind	blindness	clarity	sighted
"spun yarns may contain a single type of fiber , or be a blend of various types . combining synthetic fibers with natural fibers is very common ."	various	several	different	other	numerous	many	multiple	myriad	similar	common	diverse
"the character may be speaking his or her thoughts aloud , directly addressing another character , or speaking to the audience , especially the former ."	character	person	hero	protagonist	personality	individual	heroine	figure	guest	persona	defendant
"the aar , a tributary of the rhine , is the longest river that both rises and ends entirely within switzerland ."	rises	begins	starts	arises	originates	exists	lies	opens	lives	raises	ends
"the atmosphere was so intense that gì¦ring , in a telephone call that evening , stated : `` there is unbelievable jubilation in austria ."	stated	said	indicated	concluded	declared	claimed	mentioned	specified	asserted	exclaimed	recognized
"the intent is to display the likeness , personality , and even the mood of the person ."	intent	purpose	objective	desire	disposition	emphasis	aim	occasion	confusion	objectives	alignment
kavirondo is the former name of the region surrounding kavirondo gulf as well as of two native peoples living there under the regime of british east africa .	former	current	local	original	present	real	nominal	defunct	modern	historic	fictitious
"they are a type of reporter gene used in laboratory microbiology , molecular biology , and genetic engineering to indicate the success of a transfection or other procedure meant to introduce foreign dna into a cell ."	indicate	determine	signal	identify	confirm	represent	denote	facilitate	examine	designate	emphasize
several other hollywood films are also believed to have been inspired by bollywood films .	inspired	influenced	helped	caused	affected	motivated	led	produced	destroyed	based	adapted
"winchester college was founded in 1382 by william of wykeham , bishop of winchester and chancellor to both edward iii and richard ii , and the first seventy poor scholars entered the school in 1394 ."	scholars	students	pupils	fellows	studies	children	saints	monks	fools	learners	errors
they consider the period of 1917 to 1991 to have been a period of occupation by the soviet regime which was internationalist and anti-christian .	regime	government	state	rule	dictatorship	organisation	republic	movement	programme	commune	order
microsoft windows includes an implementation of ssl and tls as part of its secure channel package .	implementation	interpretation	adaptation	application	execution	integration	exposition	infrastructure	encoding	abstraction	acronym
"he proceeded to the franco-prussian war in 1870 , and , being taken prisoner at vaucouleurs , he remained in french captivity for three months ."	proceeded	went	undertook	participated	attended	contributed	volunteered	committed	succeeded	intervened	accounted
"pind dadan khan tehsil is a subdivision of jhelum district , punjab , pakistan ."	subdivision	division	district	part	tehsil	portion	locality	region	sector	specialization	partition
"although these reports did not contain any scores or rankings , the evaluation report for paris was considered the most positive , now followed closely by london which had narrowed down most of the gap observed by the initial evaluation in 2004 regarding paris ."	considered	deemed	regarded	called	recognized	treated	held	judged	elected	titled	respected
"the island of ireland lies only 30 k from the southwestern peninsula of kintyre ; norway is 305 k to the east and the faroes , 270 k to the north ."	peninsula	corner	region	island	part	gulf	province	tip	peak	cape	commune
men are supposed to come to the mosque wearing loose and clean clothes that do not reveal the shape of the body .	reveal	show	hide	disclose	reflect	conceal	cover	disguise	betray	secret	obscure
"the kingdom of the franks under charlemagne was particularly hard-hit by these raiders , who could sail down the seine with near impunity ."	impunity	independence	ease	freedom	precision	accuracy	liberty	equality	mastery	longitude	longitude
"one day , she was given a home in ìðstergì¦tland as a gift by some rich women after she had cured them successfully and treated them ."	successfully	well	positively	previously	correctly	poorly	commonly	accurately	unsuccessfully	falsely	falsely
"gumbasia , a 3 minute 34 second short film produced in 1953 , was the first clay animation produced by art clokey , who went on to create the classic series gumby and davy and goliath using the same technique ."	classic	original	famous	star	major	television	landmark	historical	cartoon	memorable	dynasty
"also , the sound of the regional language qawwali can be totally different from that of mainstream qawwali ."	mainstream	mass	standard	homogeneous	binary	community	unity	unified	mixed	conglomerate	reformed
many people see al jazeera as a more trustworthy source of information than government and foreign channels .	trustworthy	reliable	important	accurate	credible	valuable	independent	stable	complex	unreliable	flexible
"the epping ongar railway operates on a preserved railway along the final section of the old great eastern railway and london underground central line branch line between epping and ongar , with an intermediate station at north weald ."	final	last	first	original	intermediate	second	penultimate	terminal	southern	closing	curved
"in the immunity challenge , koror had an early lead , but ulong made a slight comeback ."	slight	small	major	sudden	minor	quick	false	gradual	surprising	narrow	tiny
"it is also widely believed that the size and number of connections in the prefrontal cortex relates directly to sentience , as the prefrontal cortex in humans occupies a far larger percentage of the brain than any other animal . as the brain has tripled in size over 5 million years of human evolution , the prefrontal cortex has increased in size sixfold ."	relates	refers	connects	connect	corresponds	applies	translates	correspond	links	responds	compares
"during its boom times , beechworth town boasted a range of industries including , a tannery , jewellers , boot makers , a brewery , blacksmiths , livestock sale yards ."	livestock	and	animal	agricultural	cattle	sheep	veterinary	poultry	hog	hog	hog
"traditionally , after a long period of consuming gimjang kimchi during the winter , fresh potherbs and vegetables were popular for making kimchi . these kinds of kimchi were not fermented or even stored for long periods of time but were consumed fresh ."	period	time	duration	history	stretch	state	region	interval	term	position	group
still visible throughout former east berlin are the characteristic `` ampelmì_nnchen '' on some pedestrian traffic lights .	characteristic	word	features	segment	indicators	memorable	incidents	segments	indicator	dependency	dependency
"on 5 february 2007 , apple inc. and apple corps announced a settlement of their trademark dispute under which apple inc. will own all of the trademarks related to `` apple '' and will license certain of those trademarks back to apple corps for their continued use ."	announced	released	published	promised	agreed	established	indicated	disclosed	produced	unveiled	signed
the head of ornitholestes was relatively small .	relatively	very	comparatively	extremely	unusually	typically	reasonably	moderately	considered	generally	traditionally
"the northern part of the continent , covering much of siberia was also inaccessible to the steppe nomads due to the dense forests and the tundra ."	inaccessible	unknown	accessible	unavailable	important	isolated	invisible	inferior	uninhabited	unfamiliar	elusive
"while at trinity he became more focussed on music , for there he met the folk song collector cecil sharp and composer and folk song enthusiast ralph vaughan williams ."	focussed	concentrated	fixed	centred	based	concentrating	concentrate	set	hooked	rested	specialised
canadian english is the variety of english used in canada . more than 26 million canadians have some knowledge of english .	variety	form	style	version	type	use	dialect	spelling	branch	alteration	degree
whedon wanted to create something for television that was more character-driven and gritty than most modern science fiction .	create	make	write	produce	design	provide	develop	find	construct	establish	remake
"fought on 22 august 1485 , the battle was won by the lancastrians . their leader henry tudor , earl of richmond , became the first english monarch of the tudor dynasty by his victory and subsequent marriage to a yorkist princess ."	monarch	king	sovereign	ruler	regent	emperor	leader	dynasty	viceroy	royalty	tudor
the books were later adapted into a television series and a feature film .	adapted	developed	turned	converted	adopted	edited	evolved	remade	interpreted	condensed	unfolded
"the mtr was immediately popular with residents of hong kong ; as a result , subsequent lines have been built to cover more territory . there are continual debates regarding how and where to expand the mtr network ."	immediately	instantly	quickly	soon	promptly	initially	already	easily	instant	extremely	readily
"it is bounded by munshiganj district and comilla district on the north , noakhali district , lakshmipur district and barisal district on the south , comilla district on the east , and meghna river , shariatpur district and munshiganj district on the west ."	bounded	surrounded	bordered	defined	represented	located	situated	recognized	formed	denoted	distinguished
then we see her deliberately contract cholera and be transferred to hospital .	transferred	moved	carried	discharged	connected	assigned	switched	diverted	preserved	evacuated	reassigned
"darth maul appears in as the apprentice of sith lord darth sidious who sends him to capture queen padmì© amidala and eliminate the two jedi , qui-gon jinn and obi-wan kenobi ."	capture	meet	find	kidnap	kill	grab	trap	protect	rescue	arrest	clear
this arrangement provided most of the agricultural labor throughout the middle ages .	provided	furnished	supplied	found	represented	performed	formed	distributed	constructed	established	accounted
roadrunner records is a record label that concentrates primarily on heavy metal bands .	concentrates	focuses	focus	works	focused	specializes	rests	plays	deals	emphasis	groups
"ashoka did not completely prohibit the killing of animals ; he prohibited gratuitous killings , he advocated restraint in the number that had to be killed for consumption , protected some of them , and in general condemned violent acts against animals , such as castration ."	prohibit	forbid	prevent	allow	eliminate	permit	ban	restrict	require	suppress	regulate
"to reduce space and increase reading speed , virtually all braille books are transcribed in what is known as grade 2 braille , which uses a system of contractions to reduce space and speed the process of reading ."	reduce	save	minimize	decrease	address	relieve	lower	monitor	alleviate	conserve	narrow
this is a considerably higher total than that of any other european country .	considerably	significantly	substantially	much	greatly	somewhat	slightly	vastly	comparatively	notably	distinctly
"apples require cross-pollination between individuals by insects ; all are self-sterile , and self-pollination is impossible , making pollinating insects essential ."	require	need	provide	include	undergo	are	want	assume	desire	employ	demand
a final violent confrontation with police took place at glenrowan .	confrontation	encounter	clash	skirmish	dispute	quarrel	brawl	interaction	showdown	dictatorship	amalgamation
"a tropical wave , which had previously spawned tropical depression six , interacted with an upper-level low pressure area to develop an area of deep convection near hispaniola on july 23 , 2003 ."	previously	already	recently	earlier	subsequently	also	formerly	initially	briefly	unexpectedly	similarly
other females within the social group may assist in the birthing process and tend to the newborns .	newborns	babies	infants	children	mothers	births	nests	maternity	minors	i	i
his reign spanned the years from 809 through 823 .	spanned	covered	lasted	stretched	encompassed	dominated	occupied	averaged	crossed	dated	wiped
"neem karoli was a life-long adept of bhakti yoga , and encouraged service to others as the highest form of unconditional devotion to god ."	highest	lowest	supreme	original	deepest	ultimate	basic	youngest	extreme	upper	earthly
fives is a british sport believed to derive from the same origins as many racquet sports .	derive	come	originate	differ	develop	arise	be	differentiate	stem	descend	escape
in 1269 it was the seat of a famous battle during the wars of guelphs and ghibellines and in 1479 it was besieged by neapolitan troops .	besieged	conquered	siege	fortified	stormed	invaded	destroyed	annexed	bombed	evacuated	recaptured
grì_nberg and fert have received a number of prestigious prizes and awards for their discovery and contributions to the field of spintronics including the 2007 nobel prize in physics .	received	obtained	earned	won	accepted	taken	given	awarded	known	gained	achieved
"during their trip , aras and cirie made a pact for the final 2 ; while danielle and terry also conspired for their fate in the game during their time on exile ."	conspired	planned	pleaded	prepared	plotted	accounted	fought	prayed	played	intervened	compromised
gorgoneia that decorate the shields of warriors on mid-5th century greek vases are considerably less grotesque and menacing .	menacing	hideous	sinister	ominous	deadly	fearful	terrifying	gigantic	commanding	brooding	imposing
"charon , discovered in 1978 at the united states naval observatory flagstaff station , is the largest satellite of the dwarf planet pluto . following the 2005 discovery of two other natural satellites of pluto , charon may also be referred to as pluto i. the new horizons mission is scheduled to visit charon and pluto in july 2015 ."	satellite	moon	star	asteroid	spacecraft	region	orbit	sphere	mirror	planet	discovery
"they are typically specified to withstand an impact of 3600 g and temperatures of over 1,000 c ."	typically	usually	commonly	often	frequently	routinely	occasionally	quickly	importantly	individually	efficiently
"if k rei did exist , there is no evidence to suggest that the title tenn was used during the time period to which his reign has been assigned ."	evidence	reason	information	data	record	way	proof	indication	history	material	ability
"once a flourishing saxon riverport , it lies in the waveney valley and is a popular boating center ."	lies	is	lay	lays	exists	rests	sits	stretches	spreads	falls	curves
the circuit cost approximately us $ 150 million to construct .	construct	build	create	establish	assemble	complete	manufacture	locate	obtain	provide	reproduce
a page that is a redirect can be moved like any other page .	moved	treated	found	distributed	transported	placed	located	held	relocated	published	reassigned
"then cogswell asked gallaudet to travel to europe to study methods for teaching deaf students , especially those of the braidwood family in edinburgh , scotland ."	travel	go	come	fly	return	journey	move	migrate	leave	ride	depart
"he is widely known for his roles as little joe cartwright in bonanza , charles ingalls in little house on the prairie , and jonathan smith in highway to heaven ."	widely	well	commonly	generally	best	also	popularly	primarily	frequently	prominently	broadly
"since minamoto no yoritomo launched the shogunate , the true power had been in the hand of the shoguns , who were mistaken several times for the emperors of japan by the chinese government ."	launched	established	created	founded	formed	began	started	opened	reorganized	headed	controlled
swiss cheese is a generic name common to many countries for several related varieties of cheese which resemble the swiss emmental .	resemble	include	mimic	are	approximate	match	look	recall	copy	observe	eat
"several of these tropical cyclones have caused deaths or heavy property damage , usually due to flooding caused by rain ."	caused	left	produced	made	created	given	known	helped	affected	established	recorded
"through these feedback processes , the cryosphere plays a significant role in global climate and in climate model response to global change ."	significant	major	large	substantial	key	small	sizable	notable	minor	dominant	noteworthy
about 20 % of patients with acute ischemic colitis may develop a long-term complication known as chronic ischemic colitis .	develop	establish	have	present	become	resolve	provide	form	demonstrate	accumulate	derive
"fiction records is a uk formerly indie label , now wholly owned by polydor a subsidiary of universal music group , started by chris parry in 1978 that is best known as being the home of the cure for over 20 years ."	owned	operated	known	represented	held	bought	sold	acquired	produced	established	accounted
"alexander stepanovich popov was a russian physicist who first demonstrated the practical application of electromagnetic waves , although he did not apply for a patent for his invention ."	demonstrated	described	considered	recognized	studied	suggested	discussed	indicated	discovered	contemplated	investigated
"in nature , there is a strong evolutionary pressure for animals to blend into their environment or conceal their shape ; for prey animals to avoid predators and for predators to be able to sneak up on prey ."	conceal	hide	reveal	disguise	minimize	change	obscure	mask	resolve	camouflage	duplicate
"in switzerland , the constitutional ban on absinthe was repealed in 2000 during an overhaul of the national constitution , although the prohibition was written into ordinary law instead ."	prohibition	ban	repeal	restriction	chapter	verdict	banning	limitation	legislation	dictatorship	authorization
"one theory suggests that the source of the name is an ancient finnic language , in which it means `` dark '' and `` turbid '' ."	turbid	light	yellow	white	lazy	good	clear	fair	youthful	youthful	youthful
the geological composition of rock and soil dictates the type of shore which is created .	dictates	defines	determines	is	indicates	represents	affects	creates	forms	constitutes	are
"he held the imperial seal and could convene all other viziers to attend to affairs of the state ; the viziers in conference were called `` kubbealt viziers '' in reference to their meeting place , the kubbealt in topkap palace ."	convene	summon	meet	organize	invite	stimulate	help	organise	delegate	prompt	coordinate
"combining their observations with thermal measurements taken in november 2000 , the team estimated the size of the components of the system ."	observations	studies	findings	measurements	discoveries	errors	dates	calculations	preparations	investigations	assignments
"many beijing office towers were evacuated , including the building housing the media offices for the organizers of the 2008 summer olympics ."	towers	buildings	blocks	structures	offices	complexes	flats	apartments	spaces	suites	squares
"the sculpture was made from the same weathering steel as the angel of the north sculpture , which gradually develops a tightly adhering oxide layer as it is exposed to the elements ."	gradually	eventually	slowly	also	continuously	successively	steadily	first	soon	later	quickly
valzacchi and annina now offer their services to him .	services	assistance	works	offices	skills	own	studies	duties	names	purposes	salaries
"because carbon dioxide is released at a faster rate through the acid-base reaction than through fermentation , breads made by chemical leavening are called quick breads ."	released	produced	created	obtained	emitted	discharged	distributed	freed	liberated	depleted	dissipated
"many publications , such as the suikoden world guide and suikoden encyclopedia , exist for the suikoden series , though the majority are only in japanese ."	exist	provide	allow	are	account	arise	develop	create	appear	occur	serve
"as an adult , he was charged with a long list of crimes , including possession of counterfeit money , loitering and prowling , burglary , kidnapping and armed robbery ."	loitering	wandering	roaming	stalking	drifting	tracking	whistling	cheating	locating	crawling	patrolling
"most baseball uniforms have the names and uniform numbers of players who wear them , usually on the backs of the uniforms to distinguish players from one other ."	distinguish	separate	differentiate	identify	different	recognize	divide	difference	contrast	differ	differentiated
it was founded where the nascent sydney to melbourne road crossed water in the form of the yass river .	nascent	new	early	first	old	fledgling	original	initial	modern	former	youthful
"heights are measured to the structural height , which includes architectural elements , but not communications spires or antennas , per the guidelines of the council on tall buildings and urban habitat ."	includes	contains	involves	encompasses	is	represents	comprises	covers	combines	defines	emphasizes
the decimal separator or decimal point or decimal comma is a symbol used to mark the boundary between the integral and the fractional parts of a decimal number in a positional numeral system .	boundary	border	line	difference	frontier	area	region	distinction	divide	margin	intermediate
"the dam was completed in 1974 and was designed to store water from the indus river for irrigation and flood control , and for the generation of hydro-electric power ."	designed	intended	used	built	constructed	created	located	engineered	configured	equipped	redesigned
"particularly , community-building activities that are not strictly `` on topic '' may be allowed , especially when initiated by committed wikipedians with good edit histories ."	initiated	created	started	organized	established	prompted	inspired	activated	edited	founded	anchored
xanten is also a popular filming location and the site of many concerts .	site	location	scene	place	seat	destination	subject	venue	name	host	result
"a reconnaissance aircraft flight into the system on september 20 reported a well-defined low and strong wind gusts in squalls as the system tracked into the northeastern gulf of mexico , along with limited and disorganized thunderstorm activity ."	tracked	moved	raced	merged	crossed	headed	sped	jogged	scrambled	monitored	focused
"in electronics , a voltage divider is a simple linear circuit that produces an output voltage that is a fraction of its input voltage . voltage division refers to the partitioning of a voltage among the components of the divider ."	produces	generates	creates	makes	gives	has	leaves	gets	represents	outputs	manufactures
the cynics were an influential group of philosophers from the ancient school of cynicism .	influential	important	early	inspired	original	eclectic	innovative	authoritative	obscure	experimental	ideological
"arche belongs to the carme group , made up of irregular retrograde moons orbiting jupiter at a distance ranging between 23 and 24 gm and at an inclination of about 165 ."	irregular	regular	binary	eccentric	elliptical	oval	geometric	chaotic	asteroid	petit	tangent
"loch ness is best known for the alleged sightings of the legendary loch ness monster , also known as `` nessie '' ."	legendary	mysterious	mythical	famous	local	heroic	fictitious	youthful	distant	mythological	mythological
"typically , a fast shutter speed will require a larger aperture to ensure sufficient light exposure , and a slow shutter speed will require a smaller aperture to avoid excessive exposure ."	avoid	prevent	minimize	escape	resist	eliminate	address	ensure	prohibit	exclude	illustrate
"railways now bypass the three major falls , and much of the trade of central africa passes along the river , including copper , palm oil , sugar , coffee , and cotton ."	bypass	avoid	disregard	traverse	affect	elect	meet	cover	loop	skirt	intersect
"security-enhanced linux is a linux feature that provides a mechanism for supporting access control security policies , including u.s. department of defense style mandatory access controls , through the use of linux security modules in the linux kernel ."	provides	includes	is	establishes	supports	allows	offers	enables	serves	assists	portrays
"johns and williams would have spent the next seven months working on a government work party in the local area , before being transferred to millbank prison ."	transferred	sent	moved	linked	restricted	assigned	sentenced	deported	barred	reassigned	switched
it lies on the southern side of lake constance .	lies	is	sits	rests	exists	stands	stays	falls	comes	stretches	curves
"an england batting collapse resulted in an innings defeat , denying bradman the opportunity to bat again and so his career average finished at 99.94 ; if he had scored just four runs in his last innings , it would have been 100 . a story developed over the years that claimed bradman missed the ball because of tears in his eyes , a claim bradman denied for the rest of his life ."	resulted	ended	occurred	produced	culminated	led	finished	concluded	succeeded	reversed	originated
the croatia national football team represents the republic of croatia in international football .	represents	is	includes	plays	matches	portrays	hosts	supports	promotes	faces	delegates
"then , on august 15 , 1971 , united states president richard nixon announced that the united states dollar would no longer be convertible to gold , effectively ending the bretton woods system ."	convertible	fixed	common	equivalent	silver	equal	monetary	currency	worthless	sensitive	linked
"after holding the title for just over a month , they dropped them to john cena and batista on the august 4 episode of raw ."	dropped	gave	changed	handed	switched	went	held	left	dashed	renamed	shortened
"in general relativity , the effects of gravitation are ascribed to spacetime curvature instead of a force ."	ascribed	attributed	linked	referred	applied	assigned	accounted	traced	attached	allocated	postponed
it is rare and valuable in finer grades and has been prized as a gem and ornamental stone for thousands of years owing to its unique hue .	hue	color	disposition	coloration	shade	colour	look	clarity	oxidation	complexion	complexion
"for adam baldwin , who grew up watching westerns , the role of jayne cobb was particularly resonant ."	resonant	memorable	important	complex	recognizable	feminine	durable	convincing	compelling	straightforward	straightforward
"the sonata did not enter the mainstream repertoire , but it has been more recently championed by such pianists as marc-andr ì© hamelin ."	championed	represented	popularized	influenced	favored	admired	recommended	endorsed	lauded	subdivided	remixed
"a tuning fork or electronic tuning device may be used as a reference pitch , though in ensemble rehearsals often a piano is used ."	reference	standard	common	nominal	second	test	principal	coordinate	room	group	tuning
"peter became extratropical on december 11 , and was absorbed by a cold front shortly thereafter ."	thereafter	afterwards	afterward	subsequently	after	promptly	beforehand	otherwise	interim	informally	intermediate
"in 2003 , dushku appeared in wrong turn , a horror film in which she had the starring role , and the kiss , an independent comedy-drama ."	appeared	starred	featured	was	played	performed	acted	participated	reappeared	portrayed	modeled
his fighting style is primarily judo but has been modified to fight without the use of a judogi .	primarily	mainly	predominantly	mostly	chiefly	typically	originally	major	also	commonly	predominant
"in 1901 , an independent governor was again appointed ."	appointed	elected	established	chosen	created	recognized	installed	designated	employed	authorized	administered
the album primarily deals with social issues that the band points on through various songs .	points	works	focuses	lines	views	positions	looks	traces	contributes	finds	rides
"ganymede and callisto , at their maximum separation , are the likeliest targets for potential naked-eye observation ."	potential	possible	future	temporary	prospective	current	probable	momentary	predicted	proposed	fictitious
word processing templates enable the ability to bypass the initial setup and configuration time necessary to create standardized documents such as a resume .	enable	provide	facilitate	allow	possess	contain	incorporate	stimulate	restore	enhance	organise
a state religion is a religious body or creed officially endorsed by the state .	endorsed	approved	supported	recognized	adopted	sanctioned	sponsored	embraced	mandated	authorized	advocated
"the cibf was founded by the general egyptian book organisation , a government publishers and retailers group , in 1969 to coincide with celebrations of the 1000th anniversary of the founding of the city of cairo ."	founding	beginning	creation	establishment	opening	building	formation	establishing	settling	setting	locating
"it initially was completely dark , but as voyager 2 approached the planet , a bright core developed and can be seen in most of the highest-resolution images ."	initially	originally	also	previously	briefly	subsequently	eventually	first	occasionally	early	individually
a perfectly elastic collision is defined as one in which there is no loss of kinetic energy in the collision . an inelastic collision is one in which part of the kinetic energy is changed to some other form of energy in the collision .	kinetic	mechanical	molecular	rotational	energetic	angular	elastic	the	human	mobile	collective
"problems may arise particularly with disposable soft lenses ; if the surface tension between the lens and the finger is too great the lens may turn itself inside out ; alternatively it may fold itself in half . when the lens first contacts the eye , a brief period of irritation may ensue as the eye acclimatizes to the lens and also as dirt on the lens irritates the eye ."	irritation	confusion	amusement	impatience	concentration	happiness	agony	annoyance	tension	automation	adjustment
"mary toft , also spelled tofts , was an english woman from godalming , surrey , who in 1726 became the subject of considerable controversy when she tricked doctors into believing that she had given birth to rabbits ."	controversy	dispute	discussion	scandal	difficulty	disagreement	criticism	resentment	suspicion	notoriety	distinction
"sdlp leader john hume , mp , identified the possibility that a negotiated settlement might be possible and began secret talks with adams in 1988 ."	identified	established	recognized	presented	indicated	determined	concluded	located	addressed	investigated	engaged
"a brief stint on go kart records saw the release of `` fly the flag '' , and now with their latest release of `` windward tides and wayward sails '' in 2003 finds them on union label group ."	latest	recent	last	current	fresh	southern	newest	youngest	youthful	southwestern	longitude
it is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of union sportive du foyer de la rì©gie abidjan-niger .	matches	games	clubs	competitions	meetings	problems	fixtures	purposes	stadiums	disputes	trophies
"for the next several weeks , kozlov was interviewed on wwe programming , proclaiming his love for `` double double e '' but also began drawing a villainous response after declaring his superiority over whatever wrestlers were competing at the time , saying `` i could beat both of them . ''"	villainous	complex	sinister	horrible	false	terrible	negative	favorable	heroic	faulty	faulty
"according to kojiki , the entrance to yomi lies in izumo province and was sealed off by izanagi-no-mikoto upon his flight from yomi , at which time he permanently blocked the entrance by placing a massive boulder at the base of the slope that leads to yomi . upon his return to ashihara-no-nakatsukuni , izanagi noted that yomi is a `` polluted land '' ."	placing	putting	locating	positioning	setting	establishing	lodging	landing	obtaining	constructing	installing
"the rice plants in the strain can be bred to other rice strains or cultivars , and if desirable plants are produced , these are further bred to stabilize the desirable traits ; the stabilized plants that can be propagated and `` come true '' are given a cultivar name and released into production to be used by farmers ."	bred	used	traced	exported	transferred	compared	linked	transmitted	referred	matched	found
"due to their fast growth , the foremost benefit of these trees is their wood ."	foremost	first	chief	main	biggest	chiefly	sole	principal	predominant	deepest	amalgamated
"its status as an official geological period was ratified in 2004 by the international union of geological sciences , making it the first new geological period declared in 120 years ."	ratified	recognized	approved	endorsed	resolved	confirmed	stipulated	affirmed	clarified	revoked	fulfilled
"more specifically , the term stratus is used to describe flat , hazy , featureless clouds of low altitude varying in color from dark gray to nearly white . a `` cloudy day '' usually features a sky filled with stratus clouds obscuring the disk of the sun ."	featureless	white	thin	homogeneous	cold	lazy	variable	cloudy	opaque	diffuse	obscured
"nuremberg was then an important and prosperous city , a center for publishing and many luxury trades ."	prosperous	wealthy	flourishing	affluent	diverse	youthful	energetic	lively	desirable	homogeneous	homogeneous
super mario 64 is also characterized by featuring more puzzles than earlier mario games .	puzzles	characters	games	problems	pieces	squares	difficulties	complexes	clues	constraints	flats
their escapades earned them a cover shot and a nude pictorial in a playboy spread .	pictorial	photo	layout	graphic	mural	geometric	coloring	reproduction	manuscript	additive	coloration
"in 1971 , she witnessed the impoverished conditions of the trash collectors in cairo , egypt , and decided to live among them ."	witnessed	saw	observed	experienced	noticed	watched	studied	demonstrated	encountered	overheard	investigated
"nearby there is the goobang national park , and peak hill which features an open cut mine that can be toured during holidays ."	features	is	has	includes	contains	resembles	represents	showcases	affects	lacks	spots
"good friday , also called holy friday , black friday , or great friday , is a holiday observed primarily by adherents to christianity commemorating the crucifixion of jesus and his death at calvary ."	primarily	mainly	mostly	predominantly	commonly	today	worldwide	chiefly	exclusively	solely	substantially
"as of , it lies at latitude 66 33 39 south of the equator ."	lies	is	appears	sits	lays	rests	stands	exists	resides	stays	curves
"along with herculaneum , its sister city , pompeii was destroyed , and completely buried , during a long catastrophic eruption of the volcano mount vesuvius spanning two days in 79 ad ."	eruption	outburst	explosion	episode	event	destruction	evacuation	outbreak	alteration	discharge	emission
"human interference has nearly exterminated them in many areas , and , except for the beech forests of the austrian alps , forests of deciduous trees are rarely found ."	rarely	often	never	seldom	commonly	occasionally	usually	sometimes	frequently	hardly	easily
"nakì¼m won , and yaxhìá was instructed to find a new campsite ."	instructed	told	ordered	commanded	advised	assigned	dispatched	informed	dispersed	entrusted	mandated
the sheer weight of the continental icecap sitting on top of lake vostok is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration .	contribute	add	help	lead	provide	account	cause	compensate	react	occur	combine
"the album peaked at number 10 on the u.s. billboard 200 chart , selling 48,397 copies in its first week of release ; it was eventually certified gold by the riaa in 2008 ."	certified	awarded	recognized	graded	recorded	accredited	labeled	labelled	released	distributed	ranked
the adjacent town of gzhatsk was renamed gagarin in 1968 in his honor .	adjacent	nearby	neighboring	entire	isolated	contiguous	located	satellite	unrelated	eponymous	inaccessible
"at backlash , benoit retained the world title , after he forced michaels to submit to the sharpshooter ."	forced	caused	persuaded	compelled	helped	ordered	led	convinced	commanded	induced	required
"during the first boer war , the city was besieged by republican forces in december 1880 and march 1881 ."	besieged	siege	evacuated	encircled	bombed	disputed	stormed	trapped	commanded	contested	leased
"one of the defining aspects of the nintendo gamecube is the rejuvenated relationship between nintendo and its licensees . unlike previous generations in which nintendo was seen by some as bullying its third-party game developers , nintendo openly sought game-development aid on the nintendo gamecube ."	rejuvenated	new	unique	current	original	evolving	dynamic	complex	complementary	confusing	confusing
none of your watched items were edited in the time period displayed .	edited	preserved	altered	modified	copied	played	used	corrected	erased	inverted	amplified
"originally made for the apple ii , they were later ported to other platforms ."	ported	adapted	released	transferred	converted	copied	translated	modified	distributed	generalized	customized
his work is displayed in the museum of modern art in yerevan .	displayed	shown	exhibited	located	represented	preserved	found	stored	housed	destroyed	studied
"he was a prolific discoverer of asteroids , discovering 122 in all , from 136 austria in 1874 to 1073 gellivara in 1923 ."	discovering	finding	studying	numbering	starting	asteroid	detecting	measuring	noticing	living	locating
"males usually weigh about 500 lbs , but very large & old specimens can reach up to 2000 lbs ."	specimens	insects	fossils	creatures	males	ages	organisms	examples	beings	lizards	loads
"it was used to signify those who appreciated austen in the `` wrong '' way and the term , according to lynch , is `` now used almost exclusively about and against other people '' ."	signify	represent	indicate	denote	mean	identify	designate	name	distinguish	emphasize	attract
a committee of the institute appoints the laureates for the nobel prize in physiology or medicine .	laureates	nominees	candidates	trustees	nominations	judges	recipients	prizes	substitutes	competitors	replacements
"montgomery county of the u.s. state of maryland is situated just north of washington , d.c. and southwest of baltimore ."	situated	located	placed	found	positioned	seated	distributed	also	subdivided	erected	lodged
"this spelling was later corrupted to ouisconsin by other french explorers , and over time this version became the french name for both the wisconsin river and the surrounding lands ."	version	name	word	title	spelling	time	variant	variation	also	eventually	correction
"several people required rescue assistance , and in comal county a car accident caused three fatalities ."	caused	induced	occurred	produced	created	led	prompted	triggered	incurred	provoked	contributed
"schigolch removes the body while geschwitz contemplates suicide , an idea she gives up when she realizes that lulu will not be moved by it ."	removes	destroys	takes	replaces	moves	leaves	separates	gets	extracts	collects	completes
"anti-tank dogs were dogs taught to carry explosives to tanks , armored vehicles and other military targets ."	targets	objects	objectives	vehicles	weapons	obstacles	sights	sectors	formations	supplies	ordnance
"a historic organ was installed in it by the austrian firm rieger , in 1907 ."	installed	located	placed	erected	established	situated	integrated	planted	seated	discharged	interred
"the birthday cake is traditionally highly decorated , and typically covered with lit candles when presented , the number of candles signifying the age of the celebrant ."	traditionally	typically	usually	often	commonly	generally	historically	also	today	structurally	consequently
"he secured a top post at the vienna state opera in 1943 , eventually becoming music director ."	secured	obtained	occupied	attained	clinched	got	established	took	won	grabbed	scrambled
"the family - mother , father , old woman , young man , baby , and dog - are attempting to eat pieces of metal , such as chains , bicycle handlebars , and rifles ."	attempting	trying	able	beginning	preparing	intending	failing	struggling	wishing	managing	proceeding
"in wales , four church of england dioceses were disestablished in 1920 , becoming separated from the church of england in the process and subsequently becoming the church in wales ."	separated	divided	detached	apart	isolated	distinct	independent	segregated	estranged	distant	autonomous
"in the 19th century and the first part of the 20th , baseball shoes were commonly black in color ."	commonly	often	generally	typically	usually	frequently	mostly	rarely	widely	popularly	prevalent
hydrostatic equilibrium occurs when compression due to gravity is balanced by a pressure gradient which creates a pressure gradient force in the opposite direction .	compression	concentration	acceleration	stretch	transport	relaxation	deformation	gravity	equilibrium	correction	liberation
"the true cross is the name for physical remnants which , by a christian tradition , are believed to be from the cross upon which jesus was crucified ."	remnants	items	fragments	goods	traces	elements	debris	relics	pieces	artifacts	preserves
"seafloor spreading occurs at mid-ocean ridges , where new oceanic crust is formed through volcanic activity and then gradually moves away from the ridge ."	gradually	eventually	slowly	subsequently	continuously	steadily	successively	rapidly	then	commonly	widely
in 1887 the school relocated to the east lake community of birmingham .	relocated	moved	returned	located	transferred	migrated	dispersed	resided	distributed	immigrated	segregated
"some han chinese believe they share common ancestors , mythically ascribed to the patriarchs yellow emperor and yan emperor , some thousands of years ago ."	mythically	commonly	first	often	historically	usually	originally	falsely	supposedly	sometimes	allegedly
"simms works alongside co-host and designer daniel kucan to redecorate a room of a home in just two days and with only $ 2,500 ."	redecorate	decorate	design	change	create	restore	prepare	fill	fix	transform	pick
"pikachu is among the most recognizable pokì©mon , largely because a pikachu is a central character in the pokì©mon anime series . pikachu is widely considered the most popular pokì©mon , is regarded as the official mascot of the pokì©mon franchise , and has become an icon of japanese culture in recent years ."	considered	regarded	deemed	recognized	known	called	labeled	named	respected	studied	titled
harvey became a strong extratropical storm during the night on august 8 and survived another few days before dissipating northwest of the azores on august 14 .	survived	lived	stayed	endured	lasted	sustained	preserved	recorded	struggled	deteriorated	merged
"in response to the weather system , the american national weather service issued wind watches for the oregon coast ."	response	answer	reaction	reply	reference	addition	relation	solution	adaptation	transit	succession
it reached a peak position of number thirty-seven on the billboard hot modern rock tracks chart .	reached	attained	achieved	held	obtained	entered	peaked	climbed	finished	charted	formed
"pskov is an ancient city located in the north-west of russia about east from the estonian border , on the velikaya river ."	located	situated	found	residing	,	divided	discovered	opened	established	adjacent	distributed
the major scale may predominate the minor scale in western music because of its unique harmonic properties ; in particular the major third is much stronger in the harmonic series than the minor third .	particular	general	fact	whole	instance	series	addition	example	consequence	event	term
"so impressed was rostropovich with his young pupil that at the end of her study with him , he declared her `` the only cellist of the younger generation that could equal and overtake own achievement . ''"	declared	called	made	proclaimed	deemed	considered	found	regarded	described	pronounced	accounted
"the marriage was marked from the outset by sexual passion and emotional insensitivity when tolstoy , on the eve of their marriage , gave her his diaries detailing his extensive sexual past and the fact that one of the serfs on his estate had borne him a son ."	outset	beginning	first	start	onset	inception	beginnings	conception	earliest	commencement	embryo
"born as alfons karg , he was trained as a telecommunications technician , but soon became disenchanted with this profession ."	profession	occupation	service	department	discipline	practice	business	career	industry	trade	mastery
"some features , however , are reminiscent of the scout movement ."	reminiscent	characteristic	typical	indicative	memories	recalls	derivative	memorable	reflective	unaware	inaccurate
the shinto pantheon alone consists of an uncountable number of kami .	consists	is	comprises	includes	exists	composed	rests	remains	originates	arises	occurs
this message earned saddam a great deal of popularity in many sectors of the arab world .	sectors	areas	parts	regions	segments	fields	branches	divisions	portions	departments	tracts
