"in march 1992 , linux version 0.95 was the first to be capable of running x. this large version number jump was due to a feeling that a version 1.0 with no major missing pieces was imminent ."	pieces	parts	bits	chunks	features	portions	components	sections	numbers	things	segments
much of the water carried by these streams is diverted .	diverted	concentrated	scattered	restricted	regulated	derived	depleted	intercepted	contracted	diminished	diminished
"harry also becomes the worthy possessor of the remaining deathly hallows : the invisibility cloak and the resurrection stone , hence becoming the true master of death ."	possessor	owner	master	host	proprietor	member	holder	bearer	successor	tenant	holt
"escapologists escape from handcuffs , straitjackets , cages , coffins , steel boxes , barrels , bags , burning buildings , fish-tanks and other perils , often in combination ."	perils	problems	dangers	parts	situations	difficulties	themes	precautions	risks	defects	bumps
"the storm continued , crossing the outer banks of north carolina , and retained its strength until june 20 when it became extratropical near newfoundland ."	retained	maintained	held	kept	remained	preserved	sustained	regained	lost	conserved	regulated
the convent has been the official residence of the governor of gibraltar since 1728 .	residence	housing	household	home	seat	mansion	possession	domain	refuge	haven	deposition
food is procured with its suckers and then crushed using its tough `` beak '' of chitin .	procured	obtained	gathered	secured	picked	plucked	derived	prepared	formed	grouped	differentiated
"the united states convened a 13-nation conference of the international opium commission in 1909 in shanghai , china in response to increasing criticism of the opium trade ."	convened	summoned	held	assembled	gathered	hosted	formed	formulated	reorganized	petitioned	grouped
photosynthesis is vital for life on earth .	vital	essential	important	crucial	fundamental	basic	beneficial	valuable	relevant	distinctive	lethal
"dodd simply retained his athletic director position , which he had acquired in 1950 ."	acquired	obtained	gained	secured	attained	established	earned	inherited	accumulated	formed	amassed
"radiometric dating is a technique used to date materials , usually based on a comparison between the observed abundance of a naturally occurring radioactive isotope and its decay products , using known decay rates ."	abundance	concentration	quantity	concentrations	amount	absorption	quantities	population	accumulation	prevalence	occurrence
"bacterial contaminants are ubiquitous , and foods left unused too long will often acquire substantial amounts of bacterial colonies and become dangerous to eat , leading to food poisoning ."	substantial	large	significant	considerable	sizable	massive	extensive	certain	bulk	prominent	sufficient
"tibooburra has an arid , desert climate with temperatures soaring above 40 celsius in summer , often reaching as high as 47 c ."	arid	impoverished	extreme	unpleasant	agricultural	harsh	absolute	isolated	average	agrarian	upright
"hanna meandered around the southeastern bahamas , weakening to a tropical storm while also dumping heavy rain on already-devastated haiti ."	meandered	drifted	travelled	scattered	wandered	curved	formed	circled	curled	twisted	fragmented
"with the high gulf pressures - a ship reported a pressure of 1015.5 millibars less than 60 m from the storm center at the time it was upgraded to a tropical storm - alicia was unable to gain size , staying very small , but generated faster winds , and became a category 1 hurricane on august 16"	generated	created	produced	obtained	caused	got	formed	provided	gave	manifested	forged
"das rheingold is the first of the four operas that comprise der ring des nibelungen , by richard wagner ."	comprise	constitute	contain	form	collect	gather	encompass	assemble	construct	aggregate	subunit
a frenulum is a small fold of tissue that secures or restricts the motion of a mobile organ in the body .	secures	holds	binds	regulates	ensures	restricted	guarantees	restrict	facilitates	signals	gathers
"helen hunt has been recognized extensively in her career . in 1998 she become the second actress to win a golden globe award , an academy award and an emmy award in the same year ."	career	life	work	business	profession	history	years	success	name	industry	year
"when wotan refuses to abandon his `` free hero '' , fricka lays bare his self-deception : siegmund is in no sense independent since his fate has been pre-ordained by wotan , who has even indirectly led him to find the magic sword ."	refuses	begins	insists	fails	declines	threatens	strains	prefers	laughs	frowns	fractures
"the storm never approached land during its lifespan , and no damage or casualties were reported ."	casualties	injuries	losses	fatalities	problems	deaths	divisions	disturbances	ratings	civilians	memorials
"the purpose of public speaking can range from simply transmitting information , to motivating people to act , to simply telling a story ."	transmitting	communicating	sending	providing	delivering	broadcasting	distributing	presenting	supplying	conducting	filtering
"published by tor books , it was released on august 15 , 1994 in hardcover , and in paperback on july 15 , 1997 ."	released	published	opened	issued	found	sold	held	distributed	located	out	stated
"in many circumstances , these investments can be less expensive than fossil fuel energy systems ."	circumstances	situations	occasions	cases	conditions	instances	events	contexts	environments	surroundings	combinations
"following the death of schidlof from a heart attack in 1987 , the amadeus quartet disbanded ."	disbanded	formed	reunited	ceased	reformed	contracted	faltered	halted	fragmented	diminished	concentrated
"by 1960 he had developed the short story into a screenplay , and envisaged it as containing a suitable role for monroe ."	envisaged	regarded	identified	arranged	imagined	intended	indicated	anticipated	organised	structured	grouped
"with poor sales of the a340-200 , airbus decided to use the fuselage of the a340-200 with the wings and engines of the a330-300 ."	fuselage	body	layout	structure	shape	backbone	wreckage	chassis	spire	concourse	formation
"the last event was held on june 11 , 2000 , not to be held again due to the acquisition of wcw by world wrestling federation ."	acquisition	absorption	purchase	ownership	unification	amalgamation	consolidation	administration	activation	interception	accumulation
kowal suggested the name and the iau endorsed it in 1975 .	endorsed	approved	adopted	supported	sanctioned	sponsored	affiliated	upheld	implemented	accredited	mandated
dry air wrapping around the southern periphery of the cyclone eroded most of the deep convection by early on september 12 .	periphery	edges	edge	fringe	rim	outskirts	nucleus	apex	curvature	margins	bulge
"brief additional internal links are generally tolerated when used to facilitate communication or to provide general information , but undesirable if seen as canvassing for some purpose ."	tolerated	permitted	needed	acceptable	desirable	useful	beneficial	welcomed	valuable	pleasant	favorable
"alfonso drops the marriage contract in front of the officers , and , when they read it , they become enraged ."	enraged	angry	angered	agitated	furious	unhappy	alarmed	ill	outraged	aggravated	crazed
"the overland expedition , also called the overland relief expedition or point barrow-overland relief expedition , was an expedition in the winter of 1897-1898 by officers of the united states revenue cutter service to save the lives of 265 whalers trapped in the arctic ocean by ice around their ships near point barrow , alaska ."	expedition	event	effort	enterprise	attempt	incident	excursion	operation	endeavour	appointment	installment
"located on the river pedieos and situated almost in the center of the island , it is the seat of government as well as the main business center ."	situated	located	positioned	placed	concentrated	centred	disposed	grouped	erected	lodged	constituted
"iero thought that it would be difficult to promote the album himself , if released through his own label , with his current obligations to my chemical romance and the other bands signed to his label ."	obligations	commitments	duties	responsibilities	ties	debts	relations	allegiance	commitment	requirements	binds
"it has now been determined that europa is a prograde rotator , but the exact direction in which its pole points remains ambiguous ."	ambiguous	uncertain	unclear	vague	obscure	unknown	unspecified	elusive	uncertainty	binary	anonymous
"the bishops ceded the oversticht to the emperor charles v in 1528 , who styled himself `` lord of overijssel '' , thereby giving the province its modern name ."	ceded	surrendered	leased	relinquished	transferred	conceded	granted	pledged	subdued	allotted	bared
"many parts of odessa were damaged during its siege and recapture on 10 april 1944 , when the city was finally liberated by the red army ."	siege	garrison	besieged	resistance	defence	blockade	bombardment	stab	draught	captivity	lease
"the city was first founded by the british in 1827 , who leased the island from spain during the colonial period ."	leased	occupied	rented	took	secured	obtained	contracted	borrowed	reclaimed	rent	licensed
"in reference to the landscape , bush describes a wooded area , intermediate between a shrubland and a forest , generally of dry and nitrogen-poor soil , mostly grassless , thin to thick woody shrubs and bushes , under a sparse canapy of eucalypts ."	sparse	thick	dense	scarce	scattered	thin	loose	faint	few	distinctive	scattering
"the theory of incentive compatibility that hurwicz developed changed the way many economists thought about outcomes , explaining why centrally planned economies may fail and how incentives for individuals make a difference in decision making ."	incentives	opportunities	rewards	entities	debts	obstacles	individuals	sacrifices	punishments	objectives	distinctions
"the axe , or ax , is an implement that has been used for millennia to shape , split and cut wood , harvest timber , as a weapon and a ceremonial or heraldic symbol . the axe has many forms and specialized uses but generally consists of an axe head with a handle , or helve ."	implement	instrument	object	expression	axe	equipment	attribute	tool	item	entity	instrumental
but critics note that francis galton did not advocate coercion when he defined the principles of eugenics .	advocate	promote	support	oppose	represent	encourage	enjoy	embrace	imply	enforce	outline
"after its sale in 1998 , it merged into festival mushroom records ."	merged	amalgamated	integrated	consolidated	reorganized	grouped	linked	formed	unified	mixed	went
cobra and tango and cash did solid business domestically but overseas they did blockbuster business grossing over $ 100 million in foreign markets and over $ 160 million worldwide .	grossing	earning	scoring	totaling	netting	peaking	numbering	securing	grabbing	financing	investing
"triangles can also be classified according to their internal angles , measured here in degrees ."	classified	grouped	subdivided	divided	categorized	differentiated	graded	regarded	structured	sorted	segregated
"later describing the experience as a `` nightmare , '' she was able to phone joe dimaggio from the clinic , who immediately traveled from florida to new york to facilitate her transfer to the columbia presbyterian medical center , where she remained for three weeks ."	facilitate	coordinate	ensure	achieve	accommodate	permit	oversee	prompt	supervise	administer	stabilize
"the pennines constitute the main watershed in northern england , dividing the eastern and western parts of the country ."	constitute	are	represent	form	comprise	occupy	represents	possess	compose	resemble	commence
"they locate food by smell , using sensors in the tip of their snout , and regularly feast on ants and termites ."	snout	nose	noses	tails	tail	beak	nostrils	skull	heads	nasal	lance
"at present it is formed by the aa , which descends from the rigi and enters the southern extremity of the lake ."	extremity	end	edge	part	side	portion	area	point	entrance	parts	section
"specialized english operates in the civil society sector , and the developers aspire to make programs for a variety of public service purposes , subject to resources being available ."	aspire	strive	aim	tend	endeavour	afford	claim	are	attain	endeavor	arise
"in this case , a relatively large kernel with sophisticated capabilities is adapted to suit an embedded environment ."	sophisticated	complex	diverse	diversified	specialised	complicated	refined	differentiated	numerous	penetrating	disciplined
this period spanned the years from 1278 through 1288 .	spanned	encompassed	covered	stretched	across	grouped	leapt	merged	sliced	battered	clinched
"realising that the gang could not elude the police forever , moondyne joe formulated a plan to escape the colony by traveling overland to the colony of south australia ."	elude	escape	evade	avoid	dodge	satisfy	flee	el	ignore	bypass	foil
"southeastern oklahoma , also known by its official tourism designation , kiamichi country , encompasses the southeastern quarter of the state of oklahoma ."	encompasses	comprises	occupies	covers	addresses	constitutes	spans	is	incorporates	surrounds	preserves
the a-train family comprises trains for both commuter services and limited express services .	comprises	includes	of	contains	encompasses	bundles	occupies	resembles	concerns	amalgamation	formations
"in dna , adenine binds to thymine via two hydrogen bonds to assist in stabilizing the nucleic acid structures ."	binds	connects	joins	bonds	forms	sticks	holds	gathers	corresponds	maps	coordinates
"in 2001 , unesco inscribed the 2,750-year-old city on the world heritage list as samarkand - crossroads of cultures ."	inscribed	encircled	designated	listed	etched	denoted	incorporated	activated	amalgamated	incurred	categorized
"radames affirms that aida is the person he will marry , and aida convinces him to flee to the desert with her ."	affirms	agrees	insists	confirms	states	asserts	declares	knows	implies	concludes	guarantees
"like many bolshevik artists , eisenstein envisioned a new society which would subsidize artists totally , freeing them from the confines of bosses and budgets , leaving them absolutely free to create , but budgets and producers were as significant to the soviet film industry as the rest of the world ."	envisioned	imagined	dreamed	anticipated	depicted	desired	contemplated	proclaimed	expected	inhabited	visionary
"forming in the western caribbean sea during the first week of november , hurricane gordon became the twelfth tropical depression , the seventh named tropical storm , and the third hurricane of the 1994 atlantic hurricane season . an erratic , long-lived system which remained a tropical storm for most of its existence , it followed a winding path through the western caribbean and into florida before strengthening into a category 1 hurricane and threatening north carolina ."	erratic	irregular	unusual	eccentric	intermittent	orderly	unpredictable	inconsistent	elusive	elongated	intermediate
"the latter means basic or radical change ; whereas reform may be no more than fine tuning , or at most redressing serious wrongs without altering the fundamentals of the system ."	altering	affecting	changing	modifying	improving	injuring	increasing	adjusting	disturbing	manipulating	intersecting
"the kyoto protocol was adopted at the third session of the conference of parties to the unfccc in 1997 in kyoto , japan ."	adopted	established	enacted	approved	drafted	obtained	ratified	instituted	formed	resolved	assembled
"from 1885 to 1901 , locomotives stopped at young tank to replenish their water ."	replenish	get	supply	maintain	conserve	gather	find	obtain	discharge	exercise	supplement
stone floor tiles tend to be heavier than ceramic tiles and somewhat more prone to breakage during shipment .	prone	susceptible	likely	frequent	resistant	liable	costly	hazardous	robust	contracted	potent
"to enjoy qin songs , one must learn to become accustomed to the eccentric style some players may sing their songs to , like in the case of zha fuxi ."	eccentric	different	chaotic	musical	irregular	informal	bizarre	erratic	orderly	colourful	mongolian
a voluntary association or union is a group of individuals who voluntarily enter into an agreement to form a body to accomplish a purpose .	accomplish	achieve	attain	fulfill	serve	satisfy	implement	obtain	pursue	realize	possess
"it is the teaching that , as a consequence of the fall of man , every person born into the world is enslaved to the service of sin and , apart from the efficacious or prevenient grace of god , is utterly unable to choose to follow god or choose to accept salvation as it is freely offered ."	efficacious	essential	ordinary	universal	abundant	benevolent	actual	mercy	absolute	apparent	inclusive
he was kidnapped and held by the notorious pirate peter easton in harbour grace .	notorious	famous	famed	infamous	famously	treacherous	reputed	ruthless	mad	titular	fitzroy
"as a result of this acquisition and the legal dispute with hearst corporation , mandrakesoft announced that the new company name would be mandriva , and that mandriva linux would be the new name covering products ."	dispute	conflict	fight	trouble	confrontation	strife	division	feud	contest	argument	confusion
"despite almost daily reports of missing property , he was able to evade capture until 15 february , when a man named wimbow , who had been pursuing him with a partner for days , found him in an area of thick brush called liberty plains and shot him ."	evade	avoid	escape	dodge	resist	flee	pursue	bypass	avoided	avoiding	elusive
"he was born at plessiel , a hamlet of drucat near abbeville , to a long-established family of picardy , the great-nephew of the painter eustache le sueur ."	hamlet	part	town	village	parish	township	place	locality	borough	portion	gable
the man in the high castle occurs in an alternate universe united states ruled by the victorious axis powers .	alternate	intermediate	parallel	original	early	inner	emergency	evil	offset	interrupted	overall
their quick acceleration makes them suitable for services with short intervals between stations .	suitable	useful	relevant	favoured	fitting	favourable	convenient	unsuitable	favorable	respectable	specialised
aung san suu kyi returned to burma in 1988 to take care of her ailing mother .	ailing	elderly	sick	struggling	ill	dying	injured	suffering	growing	aching	uneasy
"progress in developing the tar was hindered by political and economic obstacles throughout the 1960s , 1970s and early 1980s ."	obstacles	barriers	difficulties	restrictions	hurdles	opposition	challenges	resistance	gaps	opportunities	objectives
"in 1832 his family emigrated thence to belleville , ontario , where he apprenticed with the printer at the town newspaper , the belleville intelligencer ."	emigrated	migrated	immigrated	relocated	moved	escaped	departed	evacuated	and	perished	exported
"ohio state also announced in 2006 , that it would be designating at least $ 110 million of its research efforts to what it termed `` fundamental concerns '' such as research towards a cure for cancer , renewable energy sources and sustainable drinking water supplies ."	fundamental	basic	essential	substantive	major	national	vital	elemental	dietary	primal	deepest
"long ago , there was a decision by the late former prime minister , rafik hariri , to restore the synagogue and surround it with a garden ."	restore	rebuild	repair	revive	recover	reform	ruin	regain	stimulate	remake	decay
"port arthur was also the destination for juvenile convicts , receiving many boys , some as young as nine arrested for stealing toys ."	juvenile	youth	youthful	young	many	local	jamaican	teenage	junior	various	youths
"notrium is played from a top-down perspective , giving an overhead view of proceedings ."	perspective	view	viewpoint	profile	vantage	position	prominence	projection	layout	trajectory	hilltop
"the international re-formed in 1923 , and was reconstituted again , in its present form , after world war ii ."	reconstituted	reorganized	reformed	formed	reunited	constituted	assembled	gathered	summoned	remade	grouped
the amazon basin is the part of south america drained by the amazon river and its tributaries .	tributaries	branches	headwaters	derivatives	subsidiaries	drains	portions	organs	constituents	minions	preparations
the sunnah is seen as crucial to guiding interpretation of the qur ` an .	crucial	essential	vital	important	key	critical	necessary	pivotal	helpful	relevant	decisive
"the avesta is the primary collection of sacred texts of zoroastrianism , composed in the avestan language ."	composed	written	created	formed	constructed	formulated	gathered	collected	constituted	concentrated	measured
"typically , the biggest difference between film and stage musicals is the use of lavish background scenery which would be impractical in a theater ."	lavish	rich	extensive	large	elaborate	a	colourful	substantial	extravagant	expensive	costly
"following the hassles ' demise in 1969 , he formed the duo attila with hassles drummer jon small ."	demise	dissolution	death	downfall	formation	breakup	likeness	termination	perished	reformation	disruption
"there they signed a collective protest , and vowed their newspapers would continue to run ."	vowed	promised	swore	promising	pledged	wished	swearing	fought	stipulated	decreed	mandated
"the first amniotes , such as casineria , resembled small lizards and evolved from amphibian reptiliomorphs about 340 million years ago ."	resembled	were	represented	became	shaped	looked	formed	reflected	like	comprised	mirrored
"in 1999 , a world tamil confederation was established to protect and foster tamil culture and further a sense of togetherness amongst tamils in different countries ."	foster	promote	stimulate	strengthen	develop	safeguard	create	flourish	favour	harness	revive
"for much of the twentieth century it was used by the queensland government as a settlement for aboriginals considered guilty of such infractions as being " disruptive " , being pregnant to a white man or being born with  " mixed blood " ."	infractions	violations	offences	crimes	offenses	things	acts	punishments	incidents	mistakes	abuses
"historically , in the warm mediterranean and middle eastern climates , the courtyard served to accommodate the large number of worshippers during friday prayers ."	accommodate	support	facilitate	satisfy	conceal	contain	harbor	assemble	relocate	shelter	widen
john mccain polled 62.5 % in the 2008 presidential election while 70.9 % of utahns opted for george w. bush in 2004 .	opted	voted	picked	chose	volunteered	accounted	stuck	swapped	grouped	sorted	specialised
"throughout most of the film , his only true friend , aside from his mother , is the mouse , timothy - a relationship parodying the stereotypical animosity between mice and elephants ."	animosity	rivalry	relations	relationship	hostility	opposition	distinction	hatred	bitterness	resentment	hierarchy
"the band is known for its large line-up , which consists of nine members ; including a vocalist , two guitarists , a bassist , two percussionists in addition to a primary drummer , a sampler , and a turntablist ."	vocalist	singer	drummer	bassist	chorus	frontman	keyboardist	soprano	protagonist	namesake	melodic
digital signatures are equivalent to traditional handwritten signatures in many respects ; properly implemented digital signatures are more difficult to forge than the handwritten type .	forge	achieve	obtain	find	break	recognise	manipulate	secure	duplicate	replicate	fake
"his linguistic capacity , thoughts and speeches correspond to those of modern man , including a vast knowledge about history , politics , philosophy and literature ."	vast	large	broad	widespread	substantial	thorough	rich	tremendous	gigantic	wealth	superficial
"recent archaeological evidence may indicate an edomite nation as long ago as the 11th century bc , but the topic is controversial and others argue that the 8th or 9th century dates are correct ."	evidence	material	information	support	experience	trace	activity	proof	witness	aggregate	attendance
triton was revealed to have remarkable active geysers and polar caps .	remarkable	many	numerous	large	several	extraordinary	various	notable	133	memorable	countless
"polar bear fur consists of a layer of dense underfur and an outer layer of guard hairs , which appear white to tan but are actually transparent ."	transparent	white	clear	yellow	opaque	yellowish	glass	thicker	clearer	dispersed	scattered
the most common reason for erecting a khachkar was for votive reasons - for the salvation of the soul of either a living or a deceased person .	deceased	dead	departed	murdered	perished	interred	childless	defunct	disposed	displaced	widowed
"scene 2 : the doctor rushes by the captain in the street , who urges him to slow down ."	urges	encourages	advises	influences	leads	causes	invites	charms	addresses	organizes	recruits
warner also set a super bowl record by attempting 45 passes without a single interception .	attempting	trying	making	completing	appearing	achieving	obtaining	occurring	affecting	exceeding	ascending
"a carotenoid dye , crocin , allows saffron to impart a rich golden-yellow hue to dishes and textiles . saffron has further medicinal applications ."	golden-yellow	yellow	reddish	scarlet	yellowish	floral	mahogany	horticultural	mustard	corrupt	jamaican
the revival of lute in the 20th century revitalized the interest of composers in the instruments of the lute family .	revival	resurgence	rebirth	recovery	rise	reunion	awakening	restoration	promotion	resort	reformation
urepel is a commune in the pyrì©nì©es - atlantiques department in south-western france .	south-western	western	west	northern	northwestern	eastern	the	in	continental	westward	lower
"geì_lson de carvalho soares or simply geì_lson , is a striker ."	striker	nickname	name	surname	pseudonym	headache	mouthful	disguise	stabbing	pun	pun
"lancelot de carles called her `` beautiful with an elegant figure '' , and a venetian in paris in 1528 also reported that she was said to be beautiful ."	reported	noted	described	remarked	claimed	related	recounted	informed	complained	pronounced	reflected
"in 2005 , benson collaborated with artist jamie mckelvie on a short story within the image comics collection four letter worlds ."	collaborated	worked	teamed	partnered	participated	struggled	reunited	merged	coordinated	starred	amalgamated
beaurieux is a commune in the department of aisne in picardy in northern france .	department	district	county	division	valley	municipality	arrondissement	section	canton	group	sector
he is notable as a performer of australian traditional folk songs in an authentic style .	performer	singer	vocalist	presenter	practitioner	promoter	entertainer	representation	competitor	demonstration	coordinator
"fired by enthusiasm , tolstoy returned to yasnaya polyana and founded thirteen schools for his serfs ' children , based on ground-breaking libertarian principles tolstoy described in his 1862 essay `` the school at yasnaya polyana '' ."	enthusiasm	excitement	passion	imagination	energy	ambition	optimism	activity	greed	fever	maize
"companies may also take out strike insurance prior to an anticipated strike , to help offset the losses which the strike would cause ."	companies	they	firms	businesses	people	organizations	corporations	organisations	employers	nations	bodies
"in 2006 , nippon ichi released a sequel called for the playstation 2 , as well as a 12 episode long anime titled makai senki disgaea ."	titled	named	entitled	labeled	,	renamed	composed	headed	designated	directed	localized
"the false gharial , also known as the malayan gharial , false gavial , or tomistoma is a fresh-water reptile resembling a crocodile with a very thin and elongated snout , which is thicker than the gharial ."	elongated	oval	extended	elliptical	abbreviated	angled	long	altered	oversized	distorted	aligned
"he held several senior positions in the royal flying corps during world war i , serving as the commander of royal flying corps in france from 1915 to 1917 ."	senior	prominent	junior	major	command	leadership	prestigious	supervisory	powerful	lower	subordinate
"fernando navarro i corbacho is a spanish footballer who currently plays for sevilla fc , as a left defender ."	defender	guard	back	hitter	player	winger	cornerback	half	deputy	nationalist	competitor
"throughout recorded history , several cosmologies and cosmogonies have been proposed to account for observations of the universe ."	observations	aspects	measurements	portions	events	phenomena	reflections	occurrences	appearances	abnormalities	disturbances
saint-montan is a commune in the ardì¬che department in south-eastern france .	department	district	division	valley	region	section	arrondissement	group	sector	municipality	nationale
"the term is also at times used as a derogatory term for films or sequels of films that are of inferior quality , or are not expected to find financial success ."	derogatory	negative	racial	misleading	racist	fictitious	restricted	corrupt	mixed	discrimination	segregated
the hush sound is currently on hiatus .	hiatus	pause	vacation	break	hold	duration	suspense	attendance	suspension	rehearsal	blockade
"mainstream music denotes music that is familiar and unthreatening to the masses , as for example popular music , pop music , middle of the road music , pop rap or soft rock ; mainstream jazz is generally seen as an evolution of be-bop , which was originally regarded as radical ."	denotes	implies	comprises	signifies	is	incorporates	resembles	regulates	⇒	shapes	bundles
edwards attended west buckland school where his potential for the triple jump was spotted at an early age .	potential	talent	capacity	variety	preparation	diversity	progression	flair	profile	deficiency	turnout
"inheriting a collapsing empire and faced with constant warfare during his reign against both the seljuk turks in asia minor and the normans in the western balkans , alexios was able to halt the byzantine decline and begin the military , financial , and territorial recovery known as the `` komnenian restoration '' ."	reign	time	tenure	rule	kingdom	throne	youth	dynasty	serve	campaign	realm
"in the census of 2005 , the population of the banja luka region was at 709,000 residents , predominantly serb ."	residents	inhabitants	members	individuals	people	settlers	municipalities	civilians	immigrants	items	signatures
"monte plata is a province of the dominican republic , and also the name of its capital city . it was split from san cristì_bal in 1992 ."	province	district	region	town	county	governorate	peninsula	part	municipality	division	dependency
it is sent as an http header by a web server to a web browser and then sent back unchanged by the browser each time it accesses that server .	accesses	addresses	visits	enters	encounters	attacks	reaches	references	intersects	exits	affects
"in contrast , the 2007 micropì_dia has roughly 65,000 articles , the vast majority of which contain fewer than 750 words , no references , and no named contributors ."	fewer	less	more	smaller	greater	lesser	richer	quicker	weaker	poorer	<
"by 1961 , gordy had appointed robinson vice-president of motown records , a title robinson held for as long as gordy remained with the company ."	remained	stayed	became	lingered	retained	resided	returned	appeared	existed	held	departed
from 1908 to 1911 he was the principal conductor of the vienna hofoper succeeding gustav mahler ; he retained the conductorship of the vienna philharmonic until 1927 .	retained	held	maintained	kept	obtained	remained	preserved	continued	defended	upheld	registered
"mexican cinnamon hot chocolate is traditionally served alongside a variety of mexican pastries known as pan dulce and , as in spain , churros ."	traditionally	commonly	typically	usually	historically	generally	often	famously	formerly	locally	structurally
slaves were previously introduced by the british and french who colonized the island in the 18th century .	introduced	brought	used	treated	established	found	imported	started	injected	educated	mixed
"cholera , sometimes known as asiatic or epidemic cholera , is an infectious gastroenteritis caused by enterotoxin-producing strains of the bacterium vibrio cholerae ."	strains	cells	varieties	bacteria	spores	mutations	versions	variants	spirits	verses	portions
a hurricane struck dominica and puerto rico between july 22 and july 24 .	struck	hit	ravaged	penetrated	battered	formed	troubled	sustained	fractured	−	−
"in 1975 the old district steinfurt was merged with the district tecklenburg , and together with greven and saerbeck from the former district mì_nster the current district was formed ."	formed	created	founded	made	composed	shaped	born	represented	obtained	reformed	shape
"it was discovered by a team of astronomers led by brett j. gladman , et al . in 2003 ."	discovered	found	obtained	formed	located	known	established	determined	founded	born	diagnosed
"cyanobacteria , also known as blue-green algae , blue-green bacteria or cyanophyta , is a phylum of bacteria that obtain their energy through photosynthesis ."	obtain	derive	gain	get	gather	acquire	attain	achieve	source	generate	aggregate
she finally divorced monroe in 1947 and also split with guy .	split	broke	divided	reunited	went	mixed	merged	got	lost	parted	dashed
crissì© is a commune in the sarthe department in the pays de la loire region in north-western france .	region	area	group	range	department	period	valley	division	location	peninsula	territory
"dan pulled in ruth marie as a fifth person in his alliance , but after losing another immunity challenge , sally convinced the la mina men that she was a more valuable player ."	convinced	persuaded	fooled	taught	helped	reminded	composed	calmed	influenced	inspired	motivated
"greater armenia is an armenian irredentist political goal aimed at uniting with armenia most of the armenian highland , the historical homeland of the armenians since antiquity up until the armenian genocide when they were massacred and forcefully expelled by the ottoman turkish government ."	forcefully	eventually	later	gradually	mostly	commonly	brutally	were	harshly	completely	lastly
"lightcurve data for europa has been particularly tricky to interpret , so much so for a long time its period of rotation was in dispute despite numerous observations ."	tricky	difficult	complex	complicated	tight	crucial	colourful	intricate	elusive	notorious	scrub
it is typically used for scraping or cutting food before the food enters the esophagus .	scraping	picking	squeezing	slicing	churning	stabbing	cutting	hammering	peeling	smoothing	clearing
"city of faizabad is the headquarters of faizabad district and a municipal board in the state of uttar pradesh , india , situated on the banks of river ghaghra ."	headquarters	capital	center	offices	centers	preparations	finals	settlements	initials	roots	executives
the name kalganup is believed to be the noongar word for ` place of many waters ' .	believed	thought	known	said	considered	reported	expected	supposed	held	reputed	likely
romano fogli is an italian retired footballer and former manager .	retired	former	graduated	senior	departed	contracted	recovered	distinguished	deceased	prolific	regulated
it overwinters in conifer groves .	conifer	pine	tree	the	mangrove	nut	coconut	mountain	walnut	knotted	knotted
"in mid-june 2006 , the slab was crumbling in frequent rockfalls , although it was still being extruded ."	extruded	formed	shaped	constructed	eroded	assembled	rebuilt	gathered	evacuated	stamped	contracted
the billionaire of dismal downs is a scrooge mcduck comic by don rosa . it is the ninth of the original 12 chapters in the series the life and times of scrooge mcduck .	series	title	group	collection	line	titles	name	miniseries	family	lines	names
"hms guardian set out before the convict ships but struck ice after leaving the cape of good hope , returned to southern africa and was wrecked on the coast ."	returned	went	came	back	referred	travelled	rose	reported	turned	headed	reverted
"the concept of a `` picture element '' dates to the earliest days of television , for example as `` bildpunkt '' in the 1888 german patent of paul nipkow ."	concept	idea	notion	character	complex	phenomenon	theme	meaning	name	system	forerunner
on 1 october 1983 the pilot project began operations as a full-fledged bank and was renamed the grameen bank to make loans to poor bangladeshis .	full-fledged	national	chartered	local	basic	subsidiary	functional	real	formed	substantive	developed
a lesson is a structured period of time where learning is intended to occur .	structured	regulated	disciplined	brief	regular	concentrated	targeted	focused	coherent	chaotic	disrupted
it has been suggested that eastern pacific ocean tropical cyclones are formed out of tropical waves that originate in north africa as well .	originate	occur	arise	exist	begin	arrive	gather	converge	start	intercept	arises
riel sought to preserve mì©tis rights and culture as their homelands in the northwest came progressively under the canadian sphere of influence .	sought	seeking	attempted	desired	aimed	seeks	pursued	targeted	advocated	favored	burke
"they are characterized by spirituality and metaphysical themes , extremely long takes , lack of conventional dramatic structure and plot , and memorable cinematography ."	cinematography	scenes	imagery	shots	visuals	scoring	sequences	moments	melodies	drumming	storytelling
seismograms are essential for measuring earthquakes using the richter scale .	essential	important	necessary	vital	used	crucial	useful	needed	integral	helpful	additive
"but , from time to time the church hierarchy , and even some popes , have given opinions on various matters ; although these `` guidelines '' are not binding on catholics , many tradition-minded catholics find them persuasive ."	persuasive	useful	memorable	reassuring	binding	necessary	valid	helpful	satisfying	timely	fitting
a haunted house is defined as a house that is believed to be a center for supernatural occurrences or paranormal phenomena .	occurrences	events	incidents	experiences	phenomena	situations	instances	entities	illnesses	formations	assemblies
"glaciologically , ice age implies the presence of extensive ice sheets in the northern and southern hemispheres ; by this definition we are still in the ice age that began at the start of the pleistocene ."	definition	conception	measurement	title	formulation	reference	designation	determination	constraint	commonly	subgenus
"from scarborough monday to saturdays there is generally an hourly first transpennine express service to york , leeds , manchester piccadilly and liverpool lime street and a two-hourly northern rail service to bridlington , hull and sheffield via the yorkshire coast line ."	generally	usually	normally	often	typically	sometimes	commonly	mainly	broadly	roughly	uniformly
"the county is divided into three areas of unorganized territory : dupree , north ziebach , and south ziebach ."	divided	subdivided	separated	distributed	segregated	united	broken	sliced	unified	boxed	sorted
"the pittsburgh steelers are a professional american football team based in pittsburgh , pennsylvania ."	based	located	headquartered	centered	residing	living	formed	found	born	rooted	gathered
"during the final immunity challenge , sandra fell out early , allowing jon to try to convince lil to take him to the final two ."	final	last	second	first	preliminary	third	main	initial	current	senior	bottom
"avian influenza virus h3n2 is endemic in pigs in china and has been detected in pigs in vietnam , increasing fears of the emergence of new variant strains ."	detected	found	discovered	spotted	recorded	sighted	landed	registered	lodged	demonstrated	pronounced
"and though often viewed as a youthful expression of rebellion by the mainstream media , modern punk embodies a range of age groups who generally disagree with the perceived of countercultural principals and it is not uncommon for middle-aged people to form punk houses and resistance movements in the face of what they view as the widespread , unfair exploitation of human and animal rights ."	exploitation	abuse	oppression	manipulation	injustice	repression	corruption	harvesting	utilization	exhaustion	bullying
groìùlangheim is a municipality in the district of kitzingen in bavaria in germany .	municipality	town	city	village	township	commune	canton	hometown	group	name	measurement
"he received many awards , among them a posthumous special citation from the pulitzer prize board in 2007 for his `` masterful improvisation , supreme musicianship and iconic centrality to the history of jazz . ''"	received	obtained	got	earned	gained	accepted	collected	attained	met	distinguished	distributed
when a fair weather waterspout makes landfall it quickly dissipates as it loses the inflow of warm air into the vortex .	dissipates	fades	forms	loses	spreads	collapses	divides	decreases	scattering	divisions	defects
"its purpose is to promote free trade and the fluid movement of goods , people , and currency ."	fluid	free	orderly	fair	smooth	international	safe	peaceful	uniform	equal	relative
most of the state lies in an area known as tornado alley characterized by frequent interaction between cold and warm air masses producing severe weather .	interaction	mixing	impact	association	influence	encounter	incident	activation	overlap	alignment	accumulation
the reservoir has a volume of 4.26 mio m and a surface area of 0.25 km .	reservoir	lake	dam	compound	pond	catchment	deposit	field	cylinder	hail	embankment
"after receiving the news of the important award , yunus announced that he would use part of his share of the $ 1.4 million award money to create a company to make low-cost , high-nutrition food for the poor ; while the rest would go toward setting up an eye hospital for the poor in bangladesh ."	announced	declared	promised	stated	proclaimed	informed	ordered	discovered	decreed	pronounced	advertised
"phillip was appointed governor of new south wales , the first european colony on the australian continent , and was the founder of the site which is now the city of sydney ."	appointed	made	the	elected	established	a	installed	created	assigned	awarded	educated
toshiba was founded by the merging of two companies in 1939 .	merging	combining	unification	uniting	forming	blending	grouping	amalgamation	linking	gathering	smashing
"after crossing florida , hurricane hunters indicated a poorly defined circulation , but with winds exceeding tropical storm strength , and the system was designated as tropical storm erika late on august 14 while located 85 miles west of fort myers ."	indicated	identified	noted	observed	found	established	outlined	located	evidenced	anticipated	formed
eucalyptus forests in california have been criticised because they compete with native plants and do not support native animals .	criticised	questioned	attacked	troubled	restricted	condemned	persecuted	notorious	disadvantaged	characterised	deprived
"after the demise of the whl , however , the stanley cup was awarded exclusively to the nhl playoff champion , and the wales trophy was given to the regular season champion ."	exclusively	primarily	solely	only	entirely	mainly	strictly	universally	extensively	uniquely	efficiently
"it was discovered and opened about the same time as crystal cave , but was closed by the owners in the 1940s ."	discovered	found	created	uncovered	located	founded	formed	established	rediscovered	explored	composed
italy purchased the city in 1905 and made mogadishu the capital of italian somaliland .	purchased	bought	acquired	obtained	owned	formed	leased	furnished	chartered	favored	regulated
"sir terence david john pratchett , obe , more commonly known as terry pratchett , is an english novelist , known for his frequently comical work in the fantasy genre ."	novelist	author	fictional	landlord	protagonist	entertainer	thriller	barrister	unionist	proprietor	nigel
students are obligated to attend the central high school .	obligated	required	forced	mandated	expected	contracted	assigned	bound	known	punished	constrained
the technique consists of precoding the data so as to cancel the effect of the interference .	technique	scheme	procedure	principle	form	treatment	discipline	shape	disguise	rhythm	difficulty
"in 1989 , these diversified interests started growing into separate organizations , as the fisheries project became grameen motsho and the irrigation project became grameen krishi ."	organizations	groups	entities	structures	associations	bodies	industries	items	corporations	domains	outfits
"in august 1995 , the ttc suffered its worst subway accident in what it refers to as the russell hill accident , on the yonge-university-spadina line south of st. clair west station ."	suffered	had	experienced	lost	got	witnessed	sustained	gained	contracted	landed	battered
"the short-beaked echidna is an iconic animal in contemporary australia , notably appearing on the australian five-cent piece and on a $ 200 commemorative coin released in 1992 ."	contemporary	modern	western	metropolitan	current	medieval	postwar	southwestern	peninsular	everyday	subtropical
gygax is generally acknowledged as the father of role-playing games .	generally	often	commonly	usually	widely	sometimes	mostly	universally	largely	broadly	uniformly
"after 1910 , he spent the remainder of his life in moscow , working in the marfo-mariinsky convent ."	remainder	rest	majority	bulk	portion	duration	minority	subsequent	entirety	surplus	disposition
"situated 13 miles southeast of seattle , washington , renton straddles the southeast shore of lake washington ."	situated	located	positioned	seated	concentrated	nestled	centred	grouped	sprawled	squeezed	stranded
"in the third book , harry potter and the prisoner of azkaban , rowling uses a time travel premise ."	premise	formula	metaphor	device	scheme	paradigm	storyline	pun	disguise	setup	fix
yass is a prominent area for raising sheep which produce very fine wool due to the soil and climatic conditions of the yass area .	prominent	notable	distinguished	common	commonly	prevalent	distinctive	distinct	noticeable	substantial	predominant
"annual production of lego bricks averages approximately 20 billion per year , or about 600 pieces per second : if all the lego bricks ever produced were to be divided equally among a world population of six billion , each person would have 62 lego bricks ."	averages	is	numbers	ranks	totals	are	reaches	totaled	scores	comprises	concentrations
"historians are undecided if lincoln actually said this line , and in a letter that stowe wrote to her husband a few hours after meeting with lincoln no mention of this comment was made ."	undecided	uncertain	unsure	unclear	confused	debating	divided	uneasy	unknown	unhappy	uncertainty
"the interest was so great that developers found themselves advertising the parks rather than their own developments , as the highest prices would exist for the park perceived to be best ."	advertising	selling	promoting	marketing	identifying	influencing	addressing	announcing	affecting	establishing	interviewing
"it generally consists of a shallow pool of water , usually quite calm ."	generally	usually	commonly	mostly	often	typically	broadly	mainly	uniformly	widely	roughly
a tropical cyclone strikes eastern cuba on september 28 .	strikes	reaches	affects	hits	forms	blows	damages	beds	crashes	rescues	shocks
the romans believed the fumes produced by burning castoreum could induce an abortion ; paracelsus thought it could be used in the treatment of epilepsy ; and medieval beekeepers used it to increase honey production .	produced	created	generated	formed	obtained	made	caused	found	achieved	contracted	forged
"phosgene can be detected at 0.4 ppm , which is four times the threshold limit value ."	detected	found	identified	measured	obtained	discovered	sensed	monitored	registered	spotted	stimulated
"he invites his sister , may belle to enter terabithia ; she is delighted because she was previously denied any opportunity to enter ."	denied	granted	barred	rejected	blocked	deprived	suppressed	dismissed	thwarted	discontinued	masked
"oat bread was first manufactured in england , where the first oat bread factory was established in 1899 ."	manufactured	produced	constructed	regulated	formed	obtained	synthesized	pronounced	contracted	stamped	mustered
the trans-asian railway is a project to create an integrated freight railway network across europe and asia .	create	build	establish	form	develop	make	produce	become	provide	construct	compose
"if the object has exactly the same density as the fluid , then its buoyancy equals its weight ."	fluid	water	liquid	body	air	material	gas	solid	moisture	mass	mist
they have also been observed in captivity catching spiny dogfish of up to 3-4 feet in length .	observed	seen	found	witnessed	reported	identified	recorded	evidenced	experienced	established	intercepted
"in mid-november 2008 , president-elect obama and clinton discussed the possibility of her serving as u.s. secretary of state in his administration , and on november 21 , reports indicated that she had accepted the position ."	indicated	appeared	suggested	hinted	referred	conveyed	emerged	evidenced	expressed	displayed	implied
"outcast of redwall is a fantasy novel by brian jacques , published in 1995 ."	novel	book	story	series	title	thriller	fiction	paperback	character	group	theme
"with the others bailed out for various food items , tom was the last man standing and won immunity ."	various	different	the	some	common	certain	miscellaneous	fancy	makeshift	alternative	obtaining
"thus , on unification day , october 3 , 1990 , the german democratic republic ceased to exist , giving way to five new federal states , and east and west berlin were also unified as a single city , forming a sixth new federal state . the new federal states immediately became parts of the federal republic of germany , so that it was enlarged to include the whole territory of the former east germany ."	territory	land	area	region	space	portion	location	wilderness	range	flesh	sphere
"in the opening and middlegame , the king will rarely play an active role in the development of an offensive or defensive position ."	rarely	never	often	usually	commonly	seldom	sometimes	occasionally	frequently	mostly	periodically
the most troublesome situation usually occurs with short journeys from west to east .	troublesome	unpleasant	difficult	complex	memorable	painful	sinister	deadly	ominous	chaotic	volatile
"barnes & noble , inc. is the largest book retailer in the united states , operating mainly through its barnes & noble booksellers chain of bookstores headquartered in lower fifth avenue in lower manhattan , new york city ."	headquartered	located	based	stationed	resided	situated	concentrated	anchored	residing	concentrations	mckinley
hurricane-force wind gusts were reported in new england .	hurricane-force	force	storm	strength	degree	level	-	form	jamaican	blow	blow
spain and luxembourg currently have bourbon monarchs .	currently	generally	presently	typically	commonly	previously	briefly	regularly	traditionally	temporarily	locally
"the toys are similar to many other small plush toys , however , each webkinz toy has an attached tag with a unique `` secret code '' printed on it that allows access to the `` webkinz world '' website ."	unique	distinct	distinctive	different	memorable	specific	recognizable	characteristic	familiar	mysterious	singular
jamie farr is an american television and film actor and popular game show panelist .	panelist	host	personality	contestant	presenter	entertainer	figure	competitor	participant	moderator	joker
"however , the availability of suitable habitat is critical : forest must be neither too old nor too young ."	availability	abundance	shortage	existence	absence	accessibility	occurrence	accommodation	obtaining	acquisition	allocation
"he enrolled at papanui high school , then university of canterbury , but for only one year ."	enrolled	registered	engaged	enlisted	began	boarded	embarked	interned	affiliated	incarcerated	orderly
"famous for hosting the annual rose bowl football game and the tournament of roses parade , pasadena is the home of many leading scientific and cultural institutions , including the california institute of technology , pasadena city college , the jet propulsion laboratory , art center college of design , the pasadena playhouse , california school of culinary arts pasadena , the norton simon museum of art and the pacific asia museum ."	leading	prominent	renowned	major	important	famous	premier	rising	eminent	reputed	pressing
"bunch is a small unincorporated community in southwestern adair county , oklahoma , united states ."	community	area	town	township	population	location	locality	minority	settlement	subdivision	sector
the association of virtue with withdrawal from society - and specifically from cities - was a familiar theme in religious literature .	theme	motif	topic	metaphor	title	feature	subject	pattern	genre	background	problem
"she has three older brothers : aaron , benjamin , and nathaniel , the latter of whom is a model and actor ."	latter	last	former	younger	remainder	youngest	lesser	remaining	formerly	heavier	minority
"before meeting the sacramento river , the san joaquin river has two distributary rivers , the old river and the middle river , both of which once were the main channels of the river . due to the bend in the san joaquin river channel at the head of the old river , a significant portion of the san joaquin river flow continues down the old river instead of heading northward along the san joaquin ."	significant	large	major	small	substantial	sizable	notable	considerable	smaller	noteworthy	portion
"the primary trinity included tinia , uni and menrva ."	primary	main	first	greater	original	tertiary	secondary	initial	predominant	basic	preliminary
"tolstoy was born in yasnaya polyana , the family estate in the tula region of russia ."	estate	property	land	office	domain	enterprise	plantation	inheritance	compound	island	address
the earthquake engineering research institute is a leader in dissemination of earthquake engineering research related information both in the u.s. and globally .	research	development	national	reform	reference	related	business	management	regional	recovery	ram
"notable former managers of notts county include jimmy sirrel , neil warnock , howard kendall and sam allardyce ."	former	current	past	local	previous	defunct	once	national	senior	male	prominent
"in addition to local research conducted at the radio telescope , parkes scientists have assisted nasa for several missions as a southern hemisphere relay and communications station ."	assisted	helped	aided	supported	accompanied	provided	augmented	accomplished	attended	impressed	supplemented
"volcanologists frequently visit volcanoes , especially active ones , to observe volcanic eruptions , collect eruptive products including tephra , rock and lava samples ."	frequently	often	regularly	commonly	generally	routinely	typically	rarely	seldom	widely	readily
"pool , also known as pocket billiards , is the general term for a family of cue sports played on a pool table with six receptacles called pockets along the , into which balls are deposited as the main goal of play ."	receptacles	areas	pockets	sections	chambers	spots	containers	tables	points	slots	compartments
"he normally appears in a running gag , where he usually suffers unfortunate , nearly always fatal , events ."	unfortunate	terrible	unpleasant	unhappy	numerous	memorable	unexpected	hideous	horrific	unacceptable	exceptional
most digital media are based on translating analog data into digital data and vice-versa .	translating	converting	turning	rendering	copying	representing	mapping	reducing	forming	encoding	dividing
"wrestlers portrayed a villain or a hero as they followed a series of events that built tension , and culminated into a wrestling match or series of matches ."	villain	character	foe	negative	dummy	antagonist	valet	neutral	member	sinister	hatred
"not to be confused with `` terms '' in colloquial usages , the shortened form of technical terms which are defined within a discipline or speciality field ."	discipline	division	field	specialty	sector	department	genre	degree	domain	profession	deposit
a `` dune field '' is an area covered by extensive sand dunes .	extensive	large	numerous	substantial	widespread	vast	abundant	expansive	overlapping	orderly	acre
107 camilla is one of the largest main belt asteroids .	largest	biggest	smallest	major	smaller	tallest	longest	northernmost	bigger	greater	eldest
"first mentioned by the ancient greek geographer ptolemy , the pre-christian settlement of the saxon people originally covered an area a little more to the northwest , with parts of the southern jutland peninsula , old saxony and small sections of the eastern low countries ."	sections	portions	parts	areas	segments	regions	divisions	tracts	reaches	passages	patches
"jeanne demessieux had a prodigious memory : she had memorized more than 2,500 works , including the complete organ works of johann sebastian bach , cì©sar franck , franz liszt , felix mendelssohn and marcel duprì© ."	prodigious	great	remarkable	formidable	magnificent	superior	complex	renowned	memorable	terrific	potent
"at the end of each season , a series of playoff games are contested among the top six teams in the nfc , consisting of the four division champions and the two other teams with the best win-loss records ."	contested	disputed	played	sought	obtained	competed	formed	coveted	comprised	guarded	regulated
veritas and undina would have been the largest fragments of that collision .	fragments	pieces	debris	remnants	bits	wreckage	shards	survivors	casualties	chunks	rubble
after the partitions of poland in 1794 the area was annexed by prussia .	annexed	invaded	conquered	administered	acquired	merged	integrated	absorbed	consolidated	unified	amalgamated
"the models initially had difficulty predicting the track of the depression and the forecasts from the national hurricane center reflected this , indicating that the depression would move towards texas ."	reflected	expressed	echoed	represented	mirrored	matched	addressed	contained	mirror	mirrors	mocked
"a british nobleman , lord stanhope , took an interest in hauser and gained custody of him late in 1831 ."	gained	obtained	regained	lost	attained	acquired	got	sought	secured	achieved	formed
"simon phillip cowell is an english music executive , television producer and entrepreneur ."	entrepreneur	businessman	founder	activist	business	businessmen	proprietor	affluent	conglomerate	imprint	eponymous
the remnants of the depression persisted until 2 am edt at which time it was absorbed by a warm front .	absorbed	swallowed	reflected	enveloped	overwhelmed	engulfed	adopted	intercepted	integrated	merged	amalgamated
"a good measure of notability is whether someone has been featured in multiple , independent , reliable sources ."	multiple	numerous	many	several	various	different	two	diverse	separate	double	consecutive
"it originally aired on the fox network in the united states on october 10 , 1991 ."	aired	appeared	ran	opened	premiered	screened	served	hosted	charted	emerged	assembled
religious law is explicitly based on religious precepts .	precepts	law	laws	beliefs	norms	traditions	relations	poverty	roots	disputes	disputes
"the principal greenhouse , in an art nouveau style with a modern metallic structure , resembles the mid-19th century crystal palace in london ."	resembles	echoes	features	reflects	recalls	represents	depicts	matches	suggests	references	parallels
"metlink , formerly the met , is the marketing body and umbrella brand for public train , tram and bus transport operators in greater melbourne , victoria , australia ."	brand	name	label	group	title	range	banner	mark	sector	shape	badge
"on april 9 , 1919 , miss marcella sherwood , who supervised the mission day school for girls was bicycling round the city to close her schools when she was assaulted by a mob in a narrow street , the kucha kurrichhan , was beaten and left wounded ."	assaulted	attacked	harassed	ambushed	battered	overwhelmed	violated	injured	troubled	enraged	staggered
"schoenberg refused , saying `` i would only make you a bad schoenberg , and you 're such a good gershwin already . ''"	refused	insisted	declined	replied	protested	answered	objected	hesitated	promised	rejected	groaned
"however media outlets soon found ways around the ban , initially by the use of subtitles , but later and more commonly by the use of an actor reading his words over the images of him speaking ."	initially	first	originally	subsequently	generally	mainly	previously	early	firstly	principally	ultimately
"however , the new king , louis xviii , knew that ideas of nationalism and democracy still lingered in his country ; hence the establishment and signing of the charte constitutionnelle franì¤aise , the french constitution otherwise known as la charte ."	hence	thus	and	consequently	particularly	so	notably	via	rue	widening	pun
in 1873 mine employers attempted to introduce saturday afternoon and sunday shifts .	attempted	tried	began	sought	failed	managed	aimed	intended	enacted	addressed	affected
"he then settled in the avon valley , one of the most rugged and inaccessible places in the darling range ."	inaccessible	isolated	remote	accessible	mountainous	challenging	treacherous	secluded	uninhabited	unfamiliar	obstacles
"the central planets are firmly under alliance control , but the outlying planets and moons resemble the 19th century american west , with little governmental authority ."	outlying	other	peripheral	isolated	earthly	southwestern	adjoining	inner	southernmost	intermediate	affiliated
"in 1639 , williams established a baptist church in providence , rhode island , and clarke began a baptist church in newport , rhode island ."	established	formed	founded	organized	created	began	opened	erected	assembled	organised	acquired
"while each edition of windows 2000 was targeted to a different market , they share a core set of features , including many system utilities such as the microsoft management console and standard system administration applications ."	core	common	basic	main	distinct	different	similar	base	complex	complementary	balanced
"the first conflict between the british and the marathas was the first anglo-maratha war which began in 1774 and resulted in the 1782 treaty of salbai , by which the island of salsette , adjacent to bombay island , was ceded to the british , while bharuch was ceded to the maratha ruler scindia ."	adjacent	opposite	attached	analogous	contiguous	opposed	affiliated	opposing	incident	anterior	analog
openoffice.org calc is the spreadsheet component of the openoffice.org software package .	component	portion	part	section	subsidiary	variant	constituent	subunit	segment	sector	subdivision
"the countess tells him it is only susanna , trying on her wedding dress ."	tells	informs	says	told	warns	gets	finds	reads	convinces	makes	leads
"early representations of the balalaika show it with anywhere from two to six strings , which resembles certain central asian instruments ."	representations	forms	illustrations	depictions	images	appearances	compositions	performances	drawings	projections	indications
additional praise was given to its scope and future potential based on user-created content ; minor criticism was reserved for specific elements of the gameplay mechanics and level creation facilities .	elements	aspects	parts	features	items	points	portions	themes	sections	incidents	ingredients
"loamhedge is a fantasy novel by brian jacques , published in 2003 ."	published	released	republished	printed	completed	held	established	introduced	distributed	composed	pronounced
"the eastern orthodox church accepts psalm 151 as canonical . roman catholics , protestants , and most jews consider it apocryphal ."	consider	think	believe	regard	represent	perceive	treat	feel	maintain	respect	disregard
he aided the doukhobors in migrating to canada .	aided	helped	assisted	supported	influenced	organized	guided	impressed	sheltered	impoverished	elevated
"it is a permissive license , meaning that it permits reuse within proprietary software on the condition that the license is distributed with that software . the license is also gpl-compatible , meaning that the gpl permits combination and redistribution with software that uses the mit license ."	permits	allows	enables	prohibits	grants	encourages	forces	regulates	provisions	encompasses	conducts
"the battalion is usually part of a regiment , group or a brigade , depending on the organizational model used by that service ."	usually	often	always	typically	a	commonly	generally	sometimes	mostly	normally	once
"intense feelings of resentment trigger the initial retaliation , which causes the other party to feel equally aggrieved and vengeful ."	retaliation	resentment	hostility	backlash	confrontation	revenge	resistance	counterattack	reward	vengeance	greed
gravitational energy is the energy associated with the gravitational field .	associated	related	identified	involved	affiliated	corresponding	allied	attributed	experienced	occurring	synonymous
"the dead body of a human is referred to as a cadaver , or corpse ."	human	man	mortal	person	male	body	civilian	criminal	civil	flesh	concrete
marshal manuel deodoro da fonseca became the first president of the republic of brazil after heading a military coup that deposed emperor pedro ii .	coup	revolt	revolution	junta	uprising	overthrow	plot	dictatorship	mutiny	crash	mob
"slipknot is a heavy metal band formed by vocalist and percussionist anders colsefni , guitarists donnie steele and josh `` gnar '' brainard , bassist paul gray , drummer joey jordison and percussionist shawn crahan , in des moines , iowa ."	formed	created	founded	started	composed	began	established	assembled	developed	shaped	joined
"the most recent goaltender to have scored a goal by deliberately shooting the puck into his opponents ' net was evgeni nabokov , in 2002 ."	deliberately	intentionally	purposely	somehow	forcibly	supposedly	consciously	subtly	famously	falsely	wrongly
"following the withdrawal of the more powerful class 74 electro-diesels in 1977 , the class 73 is now unique on the british railway network ."	network	system	group	land	circuit	scheme	numbering	property	track	syndicate	ring
"upon receiving its classification , the depression consisted of a partially exposed low-level center with deep convection occupying the northeastern semicircle ."	occupying	filling	in	comprising	affecting	invading	obtaining	throughout	overlapping	encompassing	intersecting
"these notable synagogues include ; the great synagogue of rome , the new synagogue , the leopoldstì_dter tempel , the grand choral synagogue , the great synagogue , the moscow choral synagogue , the great synagogue of florence , the great synagogue , plzen , the great synagogue , the ko ice orthodox synagogue , the novi sad synagogue , the szeged synagogue , the sofia synagogue and the great synagogue of oran ."	notable	prominent	famous	significant	major	famed	distinguished	remarkable	memorable	sizable	recognizable
"most of the detainees were captured japanese and italian military personnel , on august 5 , 1944 at least 545 japanese pows attempted a mass breakout from the camp , in perhaps the largest prison escape in world history ."	breakout	escape	mutiny	evacuation	jump	relief	passage	escaping	escapes	bust	scramble
"vinaigrette is a mixture of salad oil and vinegar , often flavored with herbs , spices , salt , pepper , sugar , and other ingredients ."	ingredients	elements	substances	components	preparations	items	nutrients	materials	constituents	influences	entries
he supported the building of churches by distributing literature and providing ministers .	distributing	spreading	supplying	promoting	selling	providing	issuing	obtaining	administering	scattering	transporting
"as of the early 21st century , christianity has between 1.5 billion and 2.2 billion adherents ."	adherents	followers	members	practitioners	devotees	converts	congregations	souls	disciples	recruits	sentiments
"many schools teach children to make sock puppets and then have the children put on shows or plays for the whole school with them , sometimes with all the sock puppets singing ."	singing	crying	screaming	cheering	chanting	dancing	together	yelling	shouting	howling	lining
"the word cereal derives from ceres , the name of the roman goddess of harvest and agriculture ."	derives	comes	stems	differs	arises	originates	distinguishes	develops	descends	forms	declines
"miramax films was last operated by daniel battsek who reported to rich ross , chairman of walt disney studios motion pictures ."	operated	owned	controlled	run	governed	led	regulated	served	organized	administered	orchestrated
he is portrayed by mark hamill .	portrayed	played	represented	starred	depicted	performed	character	voiced	dressed	embodied	briefly
"super smash bros. was developed by hal laboratory , a nintendo second-party developer , during ."	developed	created	formed	played	built	derived	redeveloped	merged	formulated	shaped	related
the northern and western edges of the cotswolds are marked by steep escarpments down to the severn valley and the warwickshire avon .	escarpments	valleys	ridges	slopes	cliffs	hills	rocks	edges	defences	formations	scars
"they renamed the place alcante or alcanatif which means port of salt , due to the old salt industry of phoenicians and romans ."	renamed	named	called	rebranded	nicknamed	names	styled	labelled	founded	corrupted	remade
"it was founded in 1964 in hamilton , ontario by canadian hockey player tim horton and jim charade , after an initial venture in hamburger restaurants ."	founded	formed	established	started	created	begun	began	located	born	headquartered	discovered
the annual mean temperature is 25 c ; regional mean temperatures range from 18 c in the heart of the cordillera central to as high as 27 c in arid regions .	annual	national	local	yearly	daily	average	overall	regional	african	absolute	substantive
epistemology or theory of knowledge is the branch of philosophy concerned with the nature and scope of knowledge .	scope	range	limits	breadth	complexity	scale	duration	diversity	broad	variety	contraction
the process is termed lichenometry .	termed	regarded	entitled	principally	deemed	commenced	characterised	broadly	afforded	traversed	baptised
the name `` sea of cortì©s '' is the one preferred by most local residents .	residents	inhabitants	owners	members	locals	constituents	dwellers	neighbourhoods	speakers	neighborhoods	regulars
"the 1997 atlantic hurricane season officially began on june 1 , 1997 , and lasted until november 30 , 1997 ."	lasted	ended	continued	stayed	reigned	went	persisted	disappeared	cried	counted	ranged
this was the first time in survivor history that the two initial teams were not preselected by the producers .	preselected	selected	picked	chosen	matched	created	formed	specified	established	assembled	drafted
the geological community generally accepts this hypothesis because it best explains sedimentary deposits generally regarded as of glacial origin at tropical paleolatitudes and other enigmatic features in the geological record .	hypothesis	theory	model	map	formulation	scheme	doctrine	formula	convention	consensus	alignment
"the hells angels , at the peak of their ` outlaw ' reputation , corralled lost children ."	corralled	grouped	got	gathered	and	grabbed	became	were	collected	found	co
the roof of the west stand is corrugated iron this also houses the main television gantry which is accessed from the upper tier seating area by a temporary ladder .	tier	level	stage	deck	storey	section	division	row	tray	sector	sectional
"it gradually decayed into a surface low pressure trough , and developed into two disturbances ; one was centered 290 miles south-southeast of cape cod and another was located 200 miles south of cape hatteras , north carolina ."	gradually	slowly	eventually	steadily	rapidly	briefly	mostly	progressively	continuously	largely	successively
"techno is a form of electronic dance music that emerged in detroit , michigan , us during the mid to late 1980s ."	emerged	arose	developed	appeared	evolved	originated	formed	established	identified	fragmented	condensed
dhamtour has an average elevation of 1110 metres .	elevation	altitude	average	incidence	area	ascent	upland	attendance	enrollment	acre	deposit
"while in cambrai he collaborated with nicolas grenon on a complete revision of the liturgical musical collection of the cathedral , which included writing an extensive collection of polyphonic music for services ."	included	was	involved	came	covered	began	meant	combined	consisted	finished	started
"it is also the only one of the former provinces of south africa not to undergo border changes , excluding the incorporation of bantustans ."	excluding	including	besides	preventing	and	qualifying	minus	ensuring	overlooking	governing	−
"nevertheless , until the middle of the 20th century , agriculture dominated the canton ."	nevertheless	hence	nonetheless	afterwards	still	although	whereas	whilst	accordingly	principally	principally
the chain accounted for 22.6 % of all fast food industry revenues in canada in 2005 .	accounted	responsible	contributed	composed	figured	arose	concentrated	collectively	aimed	participated	ain
"whatever the truth of the rumors , james required a royal match to preserve the stuart line ."	preserve	save	protect	destroy	seal	retain	conserve	safeguard	ensure	survive	seals
"in 2005 and 2006 , the bulgarian state railways begin operating desiro trains as part of a 67-million deal with siemens ag for a total of 25 diesel multiple units ."	operating	running	performing	serving	executing	employing	conducting	administering	enforcing	occurring	engaging
this category contains articles about albums released on island records .	contains	includes	holds	encompasses	incorporates	lists	represents	addresses	reflects	supplies	preserves
their heaviest defeats in the league were 10 - 1 against fulham in 1963 and 9 - 0 against manchester united in 1995 .	heaviest	biggest	largest	worst	highest	longest	lowest	deepest	hardest	maximum	tallest
"uniquely among mammals , these teeth are continuously replaced throughout life , with new teeth growing at the rear as older teeth fall out from farther forward in the mouth ."	continuously	periodically	regularly	repeatedly	steadily	gradually	eventually	commonly	usually	mostly	permanently
"it is also known as a clothes iron , flat iron , or smoothing iron ."	smoothing	rubbing	grinding	spreading	rough	soothing	covering	straightening	smashing	flat	relaxing
some of the first inhabitants of gili trawangan were from sulawesi who are fishermen and farmers .	inhabitants	residents	settlers	peoples	occupants	arrivals	ancestors	youths	owners	dwellers	invaders
"thousands of videos exist on youtube of users showing the original video to their friends and taping their reactions , although some videos seem to be staged ."	taping	recording	monitoring	copying	documenting	measuring	scoring	logging	taking	rushing	charting
"however , on 13 april 2008 , before the completion of the initial five years , it was announced that bryce was to become the next governor-general of australia ."	initial	first	subsequent	additional	final	previous	original	intermediate	inaugural	early	incoming
"kasem is best known by name as a music historian and disc jockey , most notably as host of the weekly american top 40 radio program from 1970 to 1988 , and again from march 1998 until january 10 , 2004 , when ryan seacrest succeeded him ."	program	show	series	segment	personality	format	portion	broadcast	host	title	brief
"liriodendron tulipifera , commonly known as the american tulip tree , tulip poplar or yellow poplar , is the western hemisphere representative of the two-species liriodendron genus and the tallest eastern hardwood ."	commonly	often	generally	popularly	widely	also	usually	typically	locally	colloquially	professionally
"another allegation asserts that during the previous year , on saint bartholomew 's day , vlad had 30,000 of the merchants and officials of the transylvanian city of bra ov impaled for breaking his authority ."	asserts	states	is	establishes	proclaimed	identifies	concerns	exceeds	recounts	accounts	poses
"the result is a region of braided streams , marshes , and lakes the size of belgium ; the seasonal floods make the delta extremely productive for both fishing and agriculture ."	extremely	highly	incredibly	exceptionally	intensely	immensely	equally	exceeding	overwhelmingly	severely	amazingly
"during one event , german charley attempting to prevent the theft of a racehorse from the coombing park stables was shot to death by mickey bourke ."	prevent	stop	deter	avoid	prohibit	protect	control	interrupt	intercept	restrain	ensure
the cheetah hunts by vision rather than by scent .	vision	sight	shape	perception	image	blindness	seeing	hunger	sights	mirage	scent
"spun yarns may contain a single type of fiber , or be a blend of various types . combining synthetic fibers with natural fibers is very common ."	various	different	several	numerous	diverse	common	similar	differing	prominent	youthful	prevalent
"the character may be speaking his or her thoughts aloud , directly addressing another character , or speaking to the audience , especially the former ."	character	person	personality	figure	individual	protagonist	hero	role	material	fictional	profile
"the aar , a tributary of the rhine , is the longest river that both rises and ends entirely within switzerland ."	rises	raises	rose	begins	arises	forms	originates	shoots	stems	ranks	peaks
"the atmosphere was so intense that gì¦ring , in a telephone call that evening , stated : `` there is unbelievable jubilation in austria ."	stated	said	declared	mentioned	noted	recorded	found	specified	formulated	disclosed	related
"the intent is to display the likeness , personality , and even the mood of the person ."	intent	purpose	objective	emphasis	expression	ambition	implication	alignment	offense	establishment	accumulation
kavirondo is the former name of the region surrounding kavirondo gulf as well as of two native peoples living there under the regime of british east africa .	former	local	previous	past	defunct	fictitious	federal	nominal	temporary	once	fictional
"they are a type of reporter gene used in laboratory microbiology , molecular biology , and genetic engineering to indicate the success of a transfection or other procedure meant to introduce foreign dna into a cell ."	indicate	determine	identify	signal	confirm	inform	mark	document	monitor	designate	highlight
several other hollywood films are also believed to have been inspired by bollywood films .	inspired	influenced	informed	affected	caused	adapted	shaped	resembled	invented	exemplified	copied
"winchester college was founded in 1382 by william of wykeham , bishop of winchester and chancellor to both edward iii and richard ii , and the first seventy poor scholars entered the school in 1394 ."	scholars	students	brothers	pupils	persons	fellows	slaves	males	fools	labourers	recruits
they consider the period of 1917 to 1991 to have been a period of occupation by the soviet regime which was internationalist and anti-christian .	regime	government	state	dictatorship	rule	kingdom	programme	junta	sector	security	organisation
microsoft windows includes an implementation of ssl and tls as part of its secure channel package .	implementation	infrastructure	interpretation	allocation	expression	array	encoding	outline	optimization	accounting	amalgamation
"he proceeded to the franco-prussian war in 1870 , and , being taken prisoner at vaucouleurs , he remained in french captivity for three months ."	proceeded	went	travelled	attended	marched	ventured	participated	undertook	commenced	embarked	was
"pind dadan khan tehsil is a subdivision of jhelum district , punjab , pakistan ."	subdivision	division	section	tehsil	sector	portion	neighbourhood	locality	grouping	concentration	segregation
"although these reports did not contain any scores or rankings , the evaluation report for paris was considered the most positive , now followed closely by london which had narrowed down most of the gap observed by the initial evaluation in 2004 regarding paris ."	considered	deemed	regarded	thought	generally	called	titled	represented	held	respected	recorded
"the island of ireland lies only 30 k from the southwestern peninsula of kintyre ; norway is 305 k to the east and the faroes , 270 k to the north ."	peninsula	cape	gulf	coastline	point	mainland	wedge	tip	punta	pulse	spire
men are supposed to come to the mosque wearing loose and clean clothes that do not reveal the shape of the body .	reveal	hide	show	conceal	change	cover	betray	disclose	disguise	reflect	display
"the kingdom of the franks under charlemagne was particularly hard-hit by these raiders , who could sail down the seine with near impunity ."	impunity	terror	ease	mercy	difficulty	equality	immunity	absolute	injury	obstacles	lordship
"one day , she was given a home in ìðstergì¦tland as a gift by some rich women after she had cured them successfully and treated them ."	successfully	,	effectively	well	easily	positively	professionally	often	frequently	famously	unsuccessfully
"gumbasia , a 3 minute 34 second short film produced in 1953 , was the first clay animation produced by art clokey , who went on to create the classic series gumby and davy and goliath using the same technique ."	classic	famous	popular	legendary	landmark	iconic	memorable	familiar	renowned	seminal	major
"also , the sound of the regional language qawwali can be totally different from that of mainstream qawwali ."	mainstream	conventional	ordinary	local	orthodox	regular	mass	substantive	minority	homogeneous	loyalist
many people see al jazeera as a more trustworthy source of information than government and foreign channels .	trustworthy	reliable	valuable	stable	credible	useful	worthy	desirable	memorable	fictitious	worthless
"the epping ongar railway operates on a preserved railway along the final section of the old great eastern railway and london underground central line branch line between epping and ongar , with an intermediate station at north weald ."	final	last	first	second	closing	intermediate	terminal	senior	penultimate	winding	concluding
"in the immunity challenge , koror had an early lead , but ulong made a slight comeback ."	slight	small	minor	significant	substantial	brief	major	faint	mild	minimal	moderate
"it is also widely believed that the size and number of connections in the prefrontal cortex relates directly to sentience , as the prefrontal cortex in humans occupies a far larger percentage of the brain than any other animal . as the brain has tripled in size over 5 million years of human evolution , the prefrontal cortex has increased in size sixfold ."	relates	refers	corresponds	translates	links	applies	connects	binds	reduces	ties	responds
"during its boom times , beechworth town boasted a range of industries including , a tannery , jewellers , boot makers , a brewery , blacksmiths , livestock sale yards ."	livestock	cattle	animal	and	stock	animals	meat	straw	pigs	beef	hog
"traditionally , after a long period of consuming gimjang kimchi during the winter , fresh potherbs and vegetables were popular for making kimchi . these kinds of kimchi were not fermented or even stored for long periods of time but were consumed fresh ."	period	time	duration	interval	range	portion	group	region	sequence	spell	section
still visible throughout former east berlin are the characteristic `` ampelmì_nnchen '' on some pedestrian traffic lights .	characteristic	distinctive	feature	typical	memorable	familiar	features	recognizable	prominent	decorative	trademark
"on 5 february 2007 , apple inc. and apple corps announced a settlement of their trademark dispute under which apple inc. will own all of the trademarks related to `` apple '' and will license certain of those trademarks back to apple corps for their continued use ."	announced	established	opened	ordered	released	unveiled	arranged	introduced	formed	informed	advertised
the head of ornitholestes was relatively small .	relatively	comparatively	very	fairly	generally	moderately	typically	reasonably	mostly	a	gradually
"the northern part of the continent , covering much of siberia was also inaccessible to the steppe nomads due to the dense forests and the tundra ."	inaccessible	accessible	isolated	unknown	unavailable	unfamiliar	inferior	inhabited	recognizable	accessibility	obstacles
"while at trinity he became more focussed on music , for there he met the folk song collector cecil sharp and composer and folk song enthusiast ralph vaughan williams ."	focussed	concentrated	centred	based	restricted	fixed	specialised	organised	rounded	disposed	formed
canadian english is the variety of english used in canada . more than 26 million canadians have some knowledge of english .	variety	range	form	diversity	type	style	strain	shape	corruption	breadth	derivative
whedon wanted to create something for television that was more character-driven and gritty than most modern science fiction .	create	produce	develop	make	find	establish	provide	design	compose	form	originate
"fought on 22 august 1485 , the battle was won by the lancastrians . their leader henry tudor , earl of richmond , became the first english monarch of the tudor dynasty by his victory and subsequent marriage to a yorkist princess ."	monarch	king	sovereign	ruler	regent	royalty	royalist	royals	viceroy	constituent	baronet
the books were later adapted into a television series and a feature film .	adapted	developed	arranged	adopted	inspired	applied	assembled	organised	edited	engineered	abbreviated
"the mtr was immediately popular with residents of hong kong ; as a result , subsequent lines have been built to cover more territory . there are continual debates regarding how and where to expand the mtr network ."	immediately	instantly	already	initially	quickly	extremely	very	unexpectedly	easily	promptly	instant
"it is bounded by munshiganj district and comilla district on the north , noakhali district , lakshmipur district and barisal district on the south , comilla district on the east , and meghna river , shariatpur district and munshiganj district on the west ."	bounded	bordered	formed	shaped	contested	located	contracted	regulated	traced	banded	clinched
then we see her deliberately contract cholera and be transferred to hospital .	transferred	confined	discharged	migrated	referred	distributed	evacuated	restricted	diverted	segregated	secluded
"darth maul appears in as the apprentice of sith lord darth sidious who sends him to capture queen padmì© amidala and eliminate the two jedi , qui-gon jinn and obi-wan kenobi ."	capture	gather	catch	obtain	kidnap	collect	trap	grab	secure	claim	arrest
this arrangement provided most of the agricultural labor throughout the middle ages .	provided	supplied	furnished	formed	created	supplies	composed	compensated	sourced	contracted	responsible
roadrunner records is a record label that concentrates primarily on heavy metal bands .	concentrates	focus	focuses	specializes	mainly	centres	comprises	starts	nowadays	diffuse	nuclei
"ashoka did not completely prohibit the killing of animals ; he prohibited gratuitous killings , he advocated restraint in the number that had to be killed for consumption , protected some of them , and in general condemned violent acts against animals , such as castration ."	prohibit	prevent	forbid	eliminate	cease	restrict	ban	regulate	suppress	require	repeal
"to reduce space and increase reading speed , virtually all braille books are transcribed in what is known as grade 2 braille , which uses a system of contractions to reduce space and speed the process of reading ."	reduce	minimize	lower	increase	preserve	decrease	contain	conserve	alleviate	moderate	reflect
this is a considerably higher total than that of any other european country .	considerably	significantly	slightly	substantially	much	somewhat	comparatively	predominantly	tract	tracts	downwards
"apples require cross-pollination between individuals by insects ; all are self-sterile , and self-pollination is impossible , making pollinating insects essential ."	require	need	demand	involve	undergo	are	represent	include	seek	comprise	satisfy
a final violent confrontation with police took place at glenrowan .	confrontation	clash	dispute	incident	encounter	showdown	disruption	disturbance	reconciliation	manifestation	enclosure
"a tropical wave , which had previously spawned tropical depression six , interacted with an upper-level low pressure area to develop an area of deep convection near hispaniola on july 23 , 2003 ."	previously	initially	earlier	formerly	recently	briefly	subsequently	historically	similarly	repeatedly	successively
other females within the social group may assist in the birthing process and tend to the newborns .	newborns	babies	females	infants	births	casualties	youths	childbirth	recruits	prospects	prospects
his reign spanned the years from 809 through 823 .	spanned	encompassed	covered	across	stretched	bounded	leapt	squeezed	sliced	battered	clinched
"neem karoli was a life-long adept of bhakti yoga , and encouraged service to others as the highest form of unconditional devotion to god ."	highest	lowest	best	greatest	supreme	ultimate	absolute	maximum	deepest	top	utmost
fives is a british sport believed to derive from the same origins as many racquet sports .	derive	come	originate	generate	arise	gain	stem	descend	form	differ	evolve
in 1269 it was the seat of a famous battle during the wars of guelphs and ghibellines and in 1479 it was besieged by neapolitan troops .	besieged	siege	fortified	encircled	occupied	stormed	evacuated	imprisoned	trapped	leased	jailed
grì_nberg and fert have received a number of prestigious prizes and awards for their discovery and contributions to the field of spintronics including the 2007 nobel prize in physics .	received	obtained	earned	gotten	garnered	gained	collected	given	attained	rewarded	known
"during their trip , aras and cirie made a pact for the final 2 ; while danielle and terry also conspired for their fate in the game during their time on exile ."	conspired	struggled	plotted	planned	fought	battled	united	intervened	mingled	compromised	swayed
gorgoneia that decorate the shields of warriors on mid-5th century greek vases are considerably less grotesque and menacing .	menacing	sinister	ominous	terrifying	fearful	hideous	unpleasant	threatening	intimidating	disturbing	imposing
"charon , discovered in 1978 at the united states naval observatory flagstaff station , is the largest satellite of the dwarf planet pluto . following the 2005 discovery of two other natural satellites of pluto , charon may also be referred to as pluto i. the new horizons mission is scheduled to visit charon and pluto in july 2015 ."	satellite	moon	sphere	sector	portion	part	hemisphere	target	dwarf	subsidiary	cone
"they are typically specified to withstand an impact of 3600 g and temperatures of over 1,000 c ."	typically	usually	generally	commonly	often	frequently	normally	primarily	traditionally	notably	consequently
"if k rei did exist , there is no evidence to suggest that the title tenn was used during the time period to which his reign has been assigned ."	evidence	support	information	reason	indication	material	influence	opposition	trace	industry	incident
"once a flourishing saxon riverport , it lies in the waveney valley and is a popular boating center ."	lies	lay	is	lays	stands	rests	sits	stretches	rises	beds	spreads
the circuit cost approximately us $ 150 million to construct .	construct	build	create	establish	assemble	manufacture	obtain	structure	comprise	erect	commence
a page that is a redirect can be moved like any other page .	moved	changed	transported	shifted	transferred	relocated	shuffled	restricted	positioned	scattered	displaced
"then cogswell asked gallaudet to travel to europe to study methods for teaching deaf students , especially those of the braidwood family in edinburgh , scotland ."	travel	journey	go	trip	come	voyage	depart	migrate	visit	pilgrimage	correspond
"he is widely known for his roles as little joe cartwright in bonanza , charles ingalls in little house on the prairie , and jonathan smith in highway to heaven ."	widely	commonly	well	generally	broadly	best	internationally	universally	popularly	largely	worldwide
"since minamoto no yoritomo launched the shogunate , the true power had been in the hand of the shoguns , who were mistaken several times for the emperors of japan by the chinese government ."	launched	started	established	created	founded	began	formed	initiated	opened	inaugurated	unified
swiss cheese is a generic name common to many countries for several related varieties of cheese which resemble the swiss emmental .	resemble	mimic	shape	comprise	include	recall	approximate	are	replicate	overlap	reproduce
"several of these tropical cyclones have caused deaths or heavy property damage , usually due to flooding caused by rain ."	caused	given	produced	created	killed	helped	started	forced	marked	raised	fixed
"through these feedback processes , the cryosphere plays a significant role in global climate and in climate model response to global change ."	significant	major	substantial	large	sizable	notable	meaningful	substantive	noteworthy	valuable	comparable
about 20 % of patients with acute ischemic colitis may develop a long-term complication known as chronic ischemic colitis .	develop	have	form	establish	grow	find	become	build	present	derive	yield
"fiction records is a uk formerly indie label , now wholly owned by polydor a subsidiary of universal music group , started by chris parry in 1978 that is best known as being the home of the cure for over 20 years ."	owned	held	sold	represented	acquired	controlled	bought	known	organized	headed	educated
"alexander stepanovich popov was a russian physicist who first demonstrated the practical application of electromagnetic waves , although he did not apply for a patent for his invention ."	demonstrated	discovered	witnessed	manifested	performed	obtained	exhibited	displayed	secured	attained	concentrated
"in nature , there is a strong evolutionary pressure for animals to blend into their environment or conceal their shape ; for prey animals to avoid predators and for predators to be able to sneak up on prey ."	conceal	hide	disguise	mask	disguised	reveal	camouflage	shadow	obscure	duplicate	veil
"in switzerland , the constitutional ban on absinthe was repealed in 2000 during an overhaul of the national constitution , although the prohibition was written into ordinary law instead ."	prohibition	ban	repeal	suppression	restriction	deception	defiance	binding	taboo	dependency	concord
"one theory suggests that the source of the name is an ancient finnic language , in which it means `` dark '' and `` turbid '' ."	turbid	dark	troubled	thin	chaotic	mad	fiery	chaos	scattered	corrupted	corrupted
the geological composition of rock and soil dictates the type of shore which is created .	dictates	determines	defines	shapes	and	forms	regulates	affects	represents	is	creates
"he held the imperial seal and could convene all other viziers to attend to affairs of the state ; the viziers in conference were called `` kubbealt viziers '' in reference to their meeting place , the kubbealt in topkap palace ."	convene	gather	meet	summon	command	coordinate	calm	assemble	gathered	stimulate	combine
"combining their observations with thermal measurements taken in november 2000 , the team estimated the size of the components of the system ."	observations	errors	experiences	measurements	preparations	findings	attendance	arrivals	appointments	emissions	objectives
"many beijing office towers were evacuated , including the building housing the media offices for the organizers of the 2008 summer olympics ."	towers	buildings	structures	blocks	complexes	offices	rings	floors	flats	parcels	tracts
"the sculpture was made from the same weathering steel as the angel of the north sculpture , which gradually develops a tightly adhering oxide layer as it is exposed to the elements ."	gradually	slowly	eventually	continuously	usually	successively	progressively	steadily	quickly	also	subtly
valzacchi and annina now offer their services to him .	services	assistance	support	bodies	skills	duties	lives	names	fees	sentiments	debts
"because carbon dioxide is released at a faster rate through the acid-base reaction than through fermentation , breads made by chemical leavening are called quick breads ."	released	produced	created	discharged	lost	emitted	dissipated	contained	raised	evacuated	depleted
"many publications , such as the suikoden world guide and suikoden encyclopedia , exist for the suikoden series , though the majority are only in japanese ."	exist	arise	are	originate	occur	appear	account	reside	organize	assemble	excel
"as an adult , he was charged with a long list of crimes , including possession of counterfeit money , loitering and prowling , burglary , kidnapping and armed robbery ."	loitering	wandering	stalking	roaming	drinking	drifting	lingering	looting	smuggling	struggling	jogging
"most baseball uniforms have the names and uniform numbers of players who wear them , usually on the backs of the uniforms to distinguish players from one other ."	distinguish	separate	identify	differentiate	establish	represent	contrast	divide	difference	differentiated	differ
it was founded where the nascent sydney to melbourne road crossed water in the form of the yass river .	nascent	first	developing	local	fledgling	forming	formed	precursor	nas	nuclei	founding
"heights are measured to the structural height , which includes architectural elements , but not communications spires or antennas , per the guidelines of the council on tall buildings and urban habitat ."	includes	contains	encompasses	covers	comprises	represents	is	involves	collects	emphasizes	totals
the decimal separator or decimal point or decimal comma is a symbol used to mark the boundary between the integral and the fractional parts of a decimal number in a positional numeral system .	boundary	border	difference	distinction	ground	line	division	barrier	frontier	interface	divide
"the dam was completed in 1974 and was designed to store water from the indus river for irrigation and flood control , and for the generation of hydro-electric power ."	designed	built	intended	equipped	constructed	located	shaped	engineered	developed	composed	structured
"particularly , community-building activities that are not strictly `` on topic '' may be allowed , especially when initiated by committed wikipedians with good edit histories ."	initiated	started	organized	begun	caused	prompted	administered	enacted	triggered	originated	enrolled
xanten is also a popular filming location and the site of many concerts .	site	location	scene	venue	point	centre	body	source	subject	form	shape
"a reconnaissance aircraft flight into the system on september 20 reported a well-defined low and strong wind gusts in squalls as the system tracked into the northeastern gulf of mexico , along with limited and disorganized thunderstorm activity ."	tracked	rolled	raced	ran	climbed	headed	fed	broke	focused	jogged	lined
"in electronics , a voltage divider is a simple linear circuit that produces an output voltage that is a fraction of its input voltage . voltage division refers to the partitioning of a voltage among the components of the divider ."	produces	generates	creates	makes	yields	has	gets	represents	leaves	forms	performs
the cynics were an influential group of philosophers from the ancient school of cynicism .	influential	important	early	educated	obscure	affluent	established	prominent	impressive	instrumental	intermediate
"arche belongs to the carme group , made up of irregular retrograde moons orbiting jupiter at a distance ranging between 23 and 24 gm and at an inclination of about 165 ."	irregular	regular	eccentric	elongated	oval	various	chaotic	elliptic	elliptical	erratic	orderly
"loch ness is best known for the alleged sightings of the legendary loch ness monster , also known as `` nessie '' ."	legendary	famed	mythical	notorious	renowned	fictional	fictitious	heroic	reputed	titular	mystical
"typically , a fast shutter speed will require a larger aperture to ensure sufficient light exposure , and a slow shutter speed will require a smaller aperture to avoid excessive exposure ."	avoid	prevent	escape	eliminate	minimize	evade	achieve	ensure	maintain	assure	approximate
"railways now bypass the three major falls , and much of the trade of central africa passes along the river , including copper , palm oil , sugar , coffee , and cotton ."	bypass	cover	traverse	loop	cross	skirt	ring	intercept	intersect	discharge	surround
"security-enhanced linux is a linux feature that provides a mechanism for supporting access control security policies , including u.s. department of defense style mandatory access controls , through the use of linux security modules in the linux kernel ."	provides	includes	creates	forms	presents	represents	establishes	comprises	supplies	portrays	develops
"johns and williams would have spent the next seven months working on a government work party in the local area , before being transferred to millbank prison ."	transferred	sent	moved	returned	switched	promoted	reassigned	assigned	confined	restricted	swapped
it lies on the southern side of lake constance .	lies	is	lay	located	stands	sits	rests	lays	stretches	lands	spreads
"an england batting collapse resulted in an innings defeat , denying bradman the opportunity to bat again and so his career average finished at 99.94 ; if he had scored just four runs in his last innings , it would have been 100 . a story developed over the years that claimed bradman missed the ball because of tears in his eyes , a claim bradman denied for the rest of his life ."	resulted	culminated	occurred	concluded	produced	terminated	ensued	succeeded	reigned	materialized	featured
the croatia national football team represents the republic of croatia in international football .	represents	reflects	leads	forms	shapes	depicts	faces	delegates	hosts	portrays	resembles
"then , on august 15 , 1971 , united states president richard nixon announced that the united states dollar would no longer be convertible to gold , effectively ending the bretton woods system ."	convertible	equivalent	fixed	currency	equal	rounded	binding	correlated	monetary	pendant	nominal
"after holding the title for just over a month , they dropped them to john cena and batista on the august 4 episode of raw ."	dropped	lost	slipped	switched	changed	gave	dumped	sold	lowered	abandoned	dipped
"in general relativity , the effects of gravitation are ascribed to spacetime curvature instead of a force ."	ascribed	attributed	due	related	referred	linked	reduced	assigned	traced	restricted	owing
it is rare and valuable in finer grades and has been prized as a gem and ornamental stone for thousands of years owing to its unique hue .	hue	colour	shade	coloration	shape	qualities	colours	complexion	disposition	shades	glitter
"for adam baldwin , who grew up watching westerns , the role of jayne cobb was particularly resonant ."	resonant	memorable	distinctive	recognizable	familiar	vocal	volatile	reassuring	comforting	durable	res
"the sonata did not enter the mainstream repertoire , but it has been more recently championed by such pianists as marc-andr ì© hamelin ."	championed	popularized	represented	showcased	endorsed	revered	highlighted	renowned	battered	prized	remixed
"a tuning fork or electronic tuning device may be used as a reference pitch , though in ensemble rehearsals often a piano is used ."	reference	common	starting	base	standard	target	measurement	basic	ground	mean	rhythm
"peter became extratropical on december 11 , and was absorbed by a cold front shortly thereafter ."	thereafter	afterwards	afterward	subsequently	beforehand	consequently	northward	concurrently	commonly	concord	conversely
"in 2003 , dushku appeared in wrong turn , a horror film in which she had the starring role , and the kiss , an independent comedy-drama ."	appeared	featured	starred	was	performed	acted	participated	reappeared	played	portrayed	impressed
his fighting style is primarily judo but has been modified to fight without the use of a judogi .	primarily	mostly	predominantly	mainly	originally	largely	chiefly	generally	typically	commonly	predominant
"in 1901 , an independent governor was again appointed ."	appointed	elected	established	introduced	created	installed	employed	assassinated	awarded	organised	educated
the album primarily deals with social issues that the band points on through various songs .	points	focused	focuses	focus	lines	drew	touched	took	takes	touches	figured
"ganymede and callisto , at their maximum separation , are the likeliest targets for potential naked-eye observation ."	potential	the	future	possible	prospective	distant	mass	likely	sustained	brief	legitimate
word processing templates enable the ability to bypass the initial setup and configuration time necessary to create standardized documents such as a resume .	enable	provide	facilitate	incorporate	are	improve	involve	organise	enjoy	imply	ensures
a state religion is a religious body or creed officially endorsed by the state .	endorsed	supported	sponsored	approved	sanctioned	mandated	backed	influenced	affiliated	favored	aligned
"the cibf was founded by the general egyptian book organisation , a government publishers and retailers group , in 1969 to coincide with celebrations of the 1000th anniversary of the founding of the city of cairo ."	founding	building	forming	beginning	naming	starting	settling	launching	finding	setting	renaming
"it initially was completely dark , but as voyager 2 approached the planet , a bright core developed and can be seen in most of the highest-resolution images ."	initially	originally	generally	previously	first	also	briefly	earlier	early	ultimately	momentarily
a perfectly elastic collision is defined as one in which there is no loss of kinetic energy in the collision . an inelastic collision is one in which part of the kinetic energy is changed to some other form of energy in the collision .	kinetic	rhythmic	mechanical	the	physical	rotational	collective	numerical	substantive	longitudinal	quantitative
"problems may arise particularly with disposable soft lenses ; if the surface tension between the lens and the finger is too great the lens may turn itself inside out ; alternatively it may fold itself in half . when the lens first contacts the eye , a brief period of irritation may ensue as the eye acclimatizes to the lens and also as dirt on the lens irritates the eye ."	irritation	confusion	agony	amusement	annoyance	frustration	concentration	resentment	resistance	dissatisfaction	agitation
"mary toft , also spelled tofts , was an english woman from godalming , surrey , who in 1726 became the subject of considerable controversy when she tricked doctors into believing that she had given birth to rabbits ."	controversy	scandal	criticism	publicity	dispute	notoriety	discussion	opposition	distinction	prominence	difficulty
"sdlp leader john hume , mp , identified the possibility that a negotiated settlement might be possible and began secret talks with adams in 1988 ."	identified	recognized	recognised	indicated	established	determined	located	uncovered	experienced	isolated	ernesto
"a brief stint on go kart records saw the release of `` fly the flag '' , and now with their latest release of `` windward tides and wayward sails '' in 2003 finds them on union label group ."	latest	recent	last	fresh	newest	current	newer	nearest	youngest	sour	forerunner
it is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of union sportive du foyer de la rì©gie abidjan-niger .	matches	games	events	competitions	meetings	fixtures	contests	,	clubs	titles	disputes
"for the next several weeks , kozlov was interviewed on wwe programming , proclaiming his love for `` double double e '' but also began drawing a villainous response after declaring his superiority over whatever wrestlers were competing at the time , saying `` i could beat both of them . ''"	villainous	sinister	negative	similar	menacing	deadly	racial	feminine	shadowy	memorable	bloody
"according to kojiki , the entrance to yomi lies in izumo province and was sealed off by izanagi-no-mikoto upon his flight from yomi , at which time he permanently blocked the entrance by placing a massive boulder at the base of the slope that leads to yomi . upon his return to ashihara-no-nakatsukuni , izanagi noted that yomi is a `` polluted land '' ."	placing	putting	creating	positioning	building	installing	constructing	making	establishing	performing	setting
"the rice plants in the strain can be bred to other rice strains or cultivars , and if desirable plants are produced , these are further bred to stabilize the desirable traits ; the stabilized plants that can be propagated and `` come true '' are given a cultivar name and released into production to be used by farmers ."	bred	mixed	fed	related	matched	cultivated	refined	mated	engineered	blended	traded
"due to their fast growth , the foremost benefit of these trees is their wood ."	foremost	main	chief	sole	principal	chiefly	premier	greater	predominant	highest	utmost
"its status as an official geological period was ratified in 2004 by the international union of geological sciences , making it the first new geological period declared in 120 years ."	ratified	secured	stipulated	resolved	mandated	attained	sealed	manifested	notified	ceded	regulated
"more specifically , the term stratus is used to describe flat , hazy , featureless clouds of low altitude varying in color from dark gray to nearly white . a `` cloudy day '' usually features a sky filled with stratus clouds obscuring the disk of the sun ."	featureless	white	flat	blank	homogeneous	barren	thin	uniform	triangular	recognizable	lacking
"nuremberg was then an important and prosperous city , a center for publishing and many luxury trades ."	prosperous	wealthy	flourishing	affluent	thriving	desirable	distinguished	memorable	lucrative	distinct	corrupt
super mario 64 is also characterized by featuring more puzzles than earlier mario games .	puzzles	characters	problems	squares	challenges	difficulties	clues	complex	figures	gaps	constraints
their escapades earned them a cover shot and a nude pictorial in a playboy spread .	pictorial	layout	visual	photo	mural	silhouette	spread	spreads	formulation	revue	headline
"in 1971 , she witnessed the impoverished conditions of the trash collectors in cairo , egypt , and decided to live among them ."	witnessed	saw	observed	experienced	demonstrated	encountered	manifested	perceived	learnt	attained	overheard
"nearby there is the goobang national park , and peak hill which features an open cut mine that can be toured during holidays ."	features	is	forms	has	showcases	resembles	houses	contains	spots	hosts	affects
"good friday , also called holy friday , black friday , or great friday , is a holiday observed primarily by adherents to christianity commemorating the crucifixion of jesus and his death at calvary ."	primarily	mostly	mainly	commonly	predominantly	chiefly	largely	typically	generally	prominently	nationwide
"as of , it lies at latitude 66 33 39 south of the equator ."	lies	lays	is	stands	lay	lands	sits	rests	resides	measures	curves
"along with herculaneum , its sister city , pompeii was destroyed , and completely buried , during a long catastrophic eruption of the volcano mount vesuvius spanning two days in 79 ad ."	eruption	explosion	outburst	ascent	outbreak	event	evacuation	atmosphere	occurrence	elevation	amalgamation
"human interference has nearly exterminated them in many areas , and , except for the beech forests of the austrian alps , forests of deciduous trees are rarely found ."	rarely	commonly	seldom	frequently	usually	never	occasionally	regularly	periodically	barely	sparsely
"nakì¼m won , and yaxhìá was instructed to find a new campsite ."	instructed	commanded	told	ordered	dispatched	appointed	informed	directed	disposed	entrusted	mandated
the sheer weight of the continental icecap sitting on top of lake vostok is believed to contribute to the high oxygen concentration .	contribute	lead	help	cause	belong	rise	provide	correspond	nod	react	deposit
"the album peaked at number 10 on the u.s. billboard 200 chart , selling 48,397 copies in its first week of release ; it was eventually certified gold by the riaa in 2008 ."	certified	registered	graded	accredited	ranked	stamped	recorded	verified	dissolved	cultivated	logged
the adjacent town of gzhatsk was renamed gagarin in 1968 in his honor .	adjacent	neighboring	nearby	surrounding	isolated	located	entire	opposing	appalachian	unrelated	affiliated
"at backlash , benoit retained the world title , after he forced michaels to submit to the sharpshooter ."	forced	caused	compelled	helped	induced	brought	required	demanded	needed	provoked	drove
"during the first boer war , the city was besieged by republican forces in december 1880 and march 1881 ."	besieged	siege	encircled	fortified	stormed	evacuated	trapped	cramped	stranded	leased	jailed
"one of the defining aspects of the nintendo gamecube is the rejuvenated relationship between nintendo and its licensees . unlike previous generations in which nintendo was seen by some as bullying its third-party game developers , nintendo openly sought game-development aid on the nintendo gamecube ."	rejuvenated	new	troubled	renewed	familiar	transformed	memorable	healing	reorganized	strengthened	unified
none of your watched items were edited in the time period displayed .	edited	altered	organized	corrupted	important	scattered	reflected	copied	eroded	ever	filtered
"originally made for the apple ii , they were later ported to other platforms ."	ported	adapted	transferred	translated	converted	copied	localized	generalized	docked	licensed	serialized
his work is displayed in the museum of modern art in yerevan .	displayed	featured	located	showcased	stored	depicted	held	demonstrated	lined	stocked	interred
"he was a prolific discoverer of asteroids , discovering 122 in all , from 136 austria in 1874 to 1073 gellivara in 1923 ."	discovering	finding	identifying	numbering	creating	locating	detecting	measuring	starting	fixing	uniting
"males usually weigh about 500 lbs , but very large & old specimens can reach up to 2000 lbs ."	specimens	males	animals	strains	ones	trunks	forms	souls	things	recruits	criminals
"it was used to signify those who appreciated austen in the `` wrong '' way and the term , according to lynch , is `` now used almost exclusively about and against other people '' ."	signify	denote	indicate	represent	mean	identify	designate	form	distinguish	label	rank
a committee of the institute appoints the laureates for the nobel prize in physiology or medicine .	laureates	names	candidates	nominees	prizes	recipients	founders	graduates	strikers	competitors	qualifications
"montgomery county of the u.s. state of maryland is situated just north of washington , d.c. and southwest of baltimore ."	situated	located	positioned	seated	grouped	concentrated	squeezed	lodged	pronounced	prosperous	midlands
"this spelling was later corrupted to ouisconsin by other french explorers , and over time this version became the french name for both the wisconsin river and the surrounding lands ."	version	form	title	name	portion	variation	word	variant	flavor	spelling	corruption
"several people required rescue assistance , and in comal county a car accident caused three fatalities ."	caused	killed	started	involved	triggered	forced	and	formed	fixed	raised	connected
"schigolch removes the body while geschwitz contemplates suicide , an idea she gives up when she realizes that lulu will not be moved by it ."	removes	takes	receives	collects	destroys	separates	rescues	repairs	extracts	terminates	detachments
"anti-tank dogs were dogs taught to carry explosives to tanks , armored vehicles and other military targets ."	targets	structures	obstacles	enemies	bodies	sectors	supplies	points	positions	victims	prizes
"a historic organ was installed in it by the austrian firm rieger , in 1907 ."	installed	established	erected	seated	housed	mounted	implemented	deposited	adorned	rooted	interred
"the birthday cake is traditionally highly decorated , and typically covered with lit candles when presented , the number of candles signifying the age of the celebrant ."	traditionally	typically	usually	often	commonly	generally	historically	normally	famously	uniquely	structurally
"he secured a top post at the vienna state opera in 1943 , eventually becoming music director ."	secured	obtained	attained	clinched	got	reached	found	settled	grabbed	stabilized	booked
"the family - mother , father , old woman , young man , baby , and dog - are attempting to eat pieces of metal , such as chains , bicycle handlebars , and rifles ."	attempting	trying	struggling	beginning	known	preparing	starting	seeking	appearing	aspiring	ascending
"in wales , four church of england dioceses were disestablished in 1920 , becoming separated from the church of england in the process and subsequently becoming the church in wales ."	separated	isolated	divided	detached	estranged	distinct	segregated	distant	different	parted	divorced
"in the 19th century and the first part of the 20th , baseball shoes were commonly black in color ."	commonly	often	usually	generally	mostly	typically	frequently	rarely	popularly	widely	chiefly
hydrostatic equilibrium occurs when compression due to gravity is balanced by a pressure gradient which creates a pressure gradient force in the opposite direction .	compression	pressure	acceleration	mass	contraction	stretching	concentration	relaxation	deformation	gravity	bulging
"the true cross is the name for physical remnants which , by a christian tradition , are believed to be from the cross upon which jesus was crucified ."	remnants	relics	items	debris	elements	fragments	things	traces	bodies	scars	shards
"seafloor spreading occurs at mid-ocean ridges , where new oceanic crust is formed through volcanic activity and then gradually moves away from the ridge ."	gradually	slowly	eventually	generally	then	successively	usually	steadily	mostly	largely	chiefly
in 1887 the school relocated to the east lake community of birmingham .	relocated	moved	shifted	returned	migrated	departed	transitioned	displaced	located	constructed	resided
"some han chinese believe they share common ancestors , mythically ascribed to the patriarchs yellow emperor and yan emperor , some thousands of years ago ."	mythically	variously	famously	commonly	usually	supposedly	sometimes	locally	formerly	popularly	falsely
"simms works alongside co-host and designer daniel kucan to redecorate a room of a home in just two days and with only $ 2,500 ."	redecorate	decorate	reform	create	restore	rebuild	prepare	change	coordinate	remake	repair
"pikachu is among the most recognizable pokì©mon , largely because a pikachu is a central character in the pokì©mon anime series . pikachu is widely considered the most popular pokì©mon , is regarded as the official mascot of the pokì©mon franchise , and has become an icon of japanese culture in recent years ."	considered	regarded	recognized	deemed	thought	known	titled	respected	ranked	recorded	categorized
harvey became a strong extratropical storm during the night on august 8 and survived another few days before dissipating northwest of the azores on august 14 .	survived	lasted	lived	stayed	for	lasting	last	went	persisted	endured	lingered
"in response to the weather system , the american national weather service issued wind watches for the oregon coast ."	response	answer	reaction	reply	relation	reference	submission	return	background	bow	incident
it reached a peak position of number thirty-seven on the billboard hot modern rock tracks chart .	reached	attained	achieved	obtained	got	peaked	found	finished	formed	raised	gathered
"pskov is an ancient city located in the north-west of russia about east from the estonian border , on the velikaya river ."	located	situated	residing	seated	placed	established	positioned	,	founded	divided	neighborhood
the major scale may predominate the minor scale in western music because of its unique harmonic properties ; in particular the major third is much stronger in the harmonic series than the minor third .	particular	general	fact	instance	example	addition	consequence	event	colour	namely	specialised
"so impressed was rostropovich with his young pupil that at the end of her study with him , he declared her `` the only cellist of the younger generation that could equal and overtake own achievement . ''"	declared	called	proclaimed	deemed	designated	termed	pronounced	stated	branded	proclamation	stamped
"the marriage was marked from the outset by sexual passion and emotional insensitivity when tolstoy , on the eve of their marriage , gave her his diaries detailing his extensive sexual past and the fact that one of the serfs on his estate had borne him a son ."	outset	beginning	start	first	onset	inception	commencement	beginnings	earliest	commencing	commenced
"born as alfons karg , he was trained as a telecommunications technician , but soon became disenchanted with this profession ."	profession	occupation	trade	discipline	hobby	practice	livelihood	specialization	surname	subgenus	barrio
"some features , however , are reminiscent of the scout movement ."	reminiscent	typical	characteristic	distinctive	echoes	familiar	indicative	recalls	recalling	reflective	derivative
the shinto pantheon alone consists of an uncountable number of kami .	consists	composed	comprises	is	exists	comprised	speaks	forms	occurs	resides	originates
this message earned saddam a great deal of popularity in many sectors of the arab world .	sectors	parts	areas	regions	segments	spheres	districts	quarters	tracts	neighbourhoods	strands
